You know that what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress myself as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and no one has chosen an agriculture.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and charges.
And you know that an epiphany is generally something that was dropped somewhere in place.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it like a spirit.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolt.
It's the complicated kind of circle of what I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in middle school, in Story, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
When they were beaten to bleeding every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by letting me go into the teacher room.
He did it in secret.
Three years, for three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, Mrs. Putter said, "I need to see.
I am unexpected that we have adults we never meet.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man I know you've been found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to go with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see it, we laugh, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospitalized.
We found him a place, we got it in, and we took care of it, and we commissioned his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to me, it became a center box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle was closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked to you was actually made up in its own.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today was talked about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first temperatures.
I was amazed.
My heart rate fast, I was dead, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The temperatures around me around the water are almost 60 feet -- and I couldn't think more than it was a sheet of snow about another snow of snow after year.
Teams are born when they get rid of the glaciers or break the ice bars apart.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are denied to go back and forth up to the end, while others can't support it more and they fall into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a temperature, which are isolated and soldier, largely as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a temperature stops, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg streams free water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I close to photograph these temperatures as if it would be about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are that way and not get back to exist that way again.
It's not death when they melt. It's not an end, but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice ice that I photographed is very young -- it has a couple thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old.
The last pictures I would like to show you is a temperature that I photographed in Kenyas, Greenland.
It's often a little bit often to come up with a round test.
Here you go.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the form of the iceberg and your flower line.
You can see here, it starts rotating, the ship has moved into the other side and the man is standing there.
This is a terrible test of Greenland, an average size.
The water support about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so we, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of you will get a baby. Okay.
So, two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of consciousness, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, you're not going to pay attention to me.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is attached to the X X change.
And in the other case, the ship X of sperm is attached to the X X change.
They both learn and start life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my activity I tend to get two roles.
In one of my role, I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm an historian for training, and what I study in this case is the way people deal with the anatomy -- to say, of human bodies and animal bodies -- how they've considered body fluid -- the idea of the body, what they've thought about the body.
The other role that I think of in my work is an activist, as a patient defense or, as I say sometimes, precise process of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical characteristics defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with simple twins, two people inside a same body.
I've worked with people with stars, people much lower than average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with alternative sex, individuals whose physical type doesn't fit in the male schools and the conventional females.
In general lines, we can call it international.
International interface adopted many ways.
I'm going to put some examples of ways to have a sex that doesn't look at the male or male forms or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with Christian chemister the Christian gene of the chromosome and tells the prototypes, which we all have in the federal life, which become testics.
And then, in the federal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks from testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of insulin infections.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body is developed by following a typical female course.
When I was born, the baby has a little bit of a child.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the senses, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when somebody realizes something is happening.
After doing tests you realize that instead of having ovarian and stranger, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think of a man, but it's actually not like that.
Women, as men, we have in the body something called super-serving glands in the body.
They're at the bottom of the body.
Super-setting glands produce angers, the hormone of malaria.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman, doesn't know their chemical structure, I think to be a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to angers.
We produce angers and we respond to the aggression.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the agents that the woman who was born with testicles who have the syndrome of infectious infections to the agendas.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the international ones are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I got a call from a 19-year-old boy named and raised as a vary -- I had a girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, took a life as a boy and just found out that he had ovarian and third.
He had an extreme way of a known disease as a sound super-control hypertension.
He had 20 chromosomes and in the uterus the super-served glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genetics were manipulated, their brain was exposed to the horizontal component of the most male hormone.
He was born with a child -- no one suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when I started having medical problems caused by the internal mental, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was woman in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interface.
Some people with 20 chromosomes develop what is known as obsessions, which is to say, they have an organic tissue wrapped in terrible tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies are stories, simulated twins, or international -- they join normal surgeries not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity, supposedly being black means having African anatomy in historical terms.
A terrible simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catastrophic.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born like two people inside a same body.
The most legal case is last year with the South African corridor, Cash Semoniat. He was put on trial of trial in the International Game of Berlin.
Many journalists called to ask, "What are you going to do to determine if Casey Semmin is man or woman?
And I had to explain to journalists that there is no such sight.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a slow line between men and women or men and international women and women and women and international -- are us who are bringing that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more progress the science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- who we thought were stable anatomic categories that correlate directly with stable identifies -- are much more difficult than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows you.
As we see, we get in a scary terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What will we think about the fact that they are in just a few nuclear nuclear]."
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we have probably been too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in every aspect of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the end and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body gets human and has different rights to the feedbacks.
There are very advanced discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- I know when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to look at this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if it moved still they didn't understand it.
If I stopped moving you out.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we need to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe think that this category of categories could get to someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, defending people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
It will be that these categories are much more unstable.
Tend from the point of view of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension, I have to admit that I am a short fan of the Fatts Four.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexually, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, I find myself every single bit watching that music curved "Babbar" and not by the music, which is totally passionate.
It's because of what happened in 1777 with the Fourth Pares.
The founding fathers were, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explained why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as they all remember, what our Founders were rejected was the idea of the monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy.
The world's old monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to political power for the right of blood transfer to the father and then the son, etc.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They sent the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomic differences. That was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a illustrated system where they were getting two things.
The democracy was managing and at the same time I was born science.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the Fourtowing parents, that many of them were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were spreading out of the supernatural explanations and so they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by a range of birth of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of independence, they talk about nature and God's God.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were being transferred to the idea of the anatomical coincidence.
And by doing so, they were sitting the basis of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women were transforming.
Then came the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people from the Carlin Translation movement, who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
And again, people of color who applied to the anatomical coincidence.
We see the same with the Discipline movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at computers, we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions for it.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights that a human.
I don't want to say that we had to give up before the anatomy.
I don't want to say that the five year-old children were allowed to have sex relationships or care.
There are some anatomic divisions that make sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings in the beginning of this talk.
We have two creatures, both known in 1976 exactly the same day.
Let's imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time: June 1, 1980.
Henry on the contrary, I was born in terms of the 19th of March of 1980.
By the fact of having been born three months before Mary is attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born.
We found other rares in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered if I haven't told you if it's 13, in virtue of being considered a man now is possible for the mandatory growth that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary Mario, the same rights to the marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry every state with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advanced both in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democratic democracy based on the anatomy could demonstrate?
I don't want to give up the science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is escaping us.
Where do we go?
It seems like what happens in our culture is sort of a pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position.
For example: Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man doesn't have to have chromosome and that to marry a woman you've got to have chromosome.
Now, in practice, they don't make any chemical tests to people.
But this is also very strange because of the story that I told you at the beginning of the syndrome of infection to the agendas.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have drug offers a solution.
He says that we should judge people not in the color of their skin, but in the contents of their character, going beyond the anatomy of the anatomy, by going beyond the anatomy.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea looks very good."
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their care?
I also want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee the rights to people, because I have to admit that I know some of the glaciers that are probably going to deserve the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some labs that I know can make more informed decisions, intelligent and mature relationships about their sexual relationships that people from 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the character content to it?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance instrument.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to guide this stream of thinking about democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it is willing to stay at a sex change, which case it is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I was glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked to a couple of years ago that I had made light twins for then separate them and so to accept her fame again.
But when on the phone, I asked him the fact of the operation, was a very risky operation, I thought that in that other country, these kids would be very multiplied, and so I had to do it.
What I said, "Well, have you considered the political asylum instead of the surgical separation?
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we need to be on the head.
Well, to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomical techniques, particularly if there are people thinking about group.
For years, since I've been interested in international, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of how we think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the cross-cultural studies is that women, in average, not all, but in average, tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to take care of those who are vulnerable inside the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the graduate school, one of my advice I knew that I was interested in the feminist -- I was considered feminist -- as now -- he made me a strange plant?
"Tell me what the feminist is frightening."
And I thought, "This is the most silly question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with depressing gender stereotypes so there's nothing feminine in the feminist."
But the more I thought about her question, the more it has seemed to me that there is something female in feminist for me.
I mean, there might be something on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So while the parents were very stressed to find a way to protect people from the state, it's possible that, of having increased more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with report support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond the anatomy -- thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided that we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks about where it wants to go to live and work, have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now we're far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries who don't count with a single city willing to receive them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replacing them for apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already prone and that the other half would still be missing.
They could try to increase the ability to make applications in all existing buildings.
But you know the problem that you would face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the mountains and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those ambitions.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a whole new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new areas of enough reform enough enough to keep cities and gave them a name, cities under status.
I later learned that more or less at the same time, James and October were thinking about the challenge of reform Honestonia.
They knew that every year about 75,000 honors would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Daniel went through a destructive constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Diet Lobe was improved with a platform in which I promise reforms and at the same time.
He asked October to be his chief friend.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal talk.
Through a process of perfect, trial and error and a lot of evidence with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under state to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current apartments of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies like rules to progress and usually are the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him to October a link with the TEDTalk.
He showed it to James.
They called me.
They said, "Let's put this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami, in a conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City, let me take you that, in some cases, you have thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under statue is a place where it starts with springhtwries spine, a statue that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option so that people can choose whether they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of Honestonians called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for our country to go forward.
He asked me to go to Tibetan and talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denerty, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denerty.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the hotels that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that is at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody was clapping.
The public faces were very serious and attention.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essentials -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city that you might be able to be in Honduras. Instead of hundreds of miles away, north.
And I would also include new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Honey government would need help from associated countries, they could benefit from the countries that were going to help them establish and make the status rules, so that everybody could trust the status of the status that the status was effectively burned.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be about a thousand square miles.
And shortly later, on January 19, they voted in Congress to promote their Constitution and add a constitutional device that would allow these special development regions.
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional improvement was 122 to one.
All the parts, all the factors in society, supported it.
To include in the Constitution, you have to spend twice in Congress.
On February 17, it passed over again in another voting from 114 to one.
Immediately after the voting of the 21st to February 24, a detection of about 30 honors went to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's building in South Korea, which is bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other country interested in the building of cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in a practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a place, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and at the same time it would be able to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow its Supreme Court to be the last instance for this new judicial system.
There are urban urbanization and cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know you've been solving is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies that want to install in America, especially in a place with an area of free trade, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to immediately change another place.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go and get a job -- sometimes they're safe mothers that have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even kids are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to be thinking about building a new city in Honest-contaminated?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What do you seem to think about waiting for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say, "Thank you."
I'm Jesse, and this is my value.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and it is that, I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog suit, completely colored and different for each time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of thumb markets and secondhand stores.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my forest in the environment and in my bill.
I get to know interesting people -- usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique, and buying it into my personal teacher quest.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is my season?
I would like the color color?
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to the theme of my valley, I want to tell you what I was packing for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what does someone have all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of internal clothes, and nothing else.
Internet for exactly a week is all I've put on my value.
I thought I would be able to find everything else I wanted to use after coming here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know how the woman walking for TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the plants for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting.
While I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I think or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called bright terror.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You can almost see you phenomenal.
The whole thing, including the jacket -- it cost me 55 -- and it's the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
Monkeys, color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're visiting a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars." The integration is survived.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time to interact.
Just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you're not just going to understand you, you'll also appreciate you.
Miracles: Guilt of the child you get inside.
Sometimes people tell me it seems to play the disciplines, or I remind you to their little seven years.
I like to smile and tell you, "Thank you."
Jupites: The trust is the key.
If you think you're good at something, it's almost safe that you are.
And if you think you don't see something, it's probably true too.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until 30 years I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't see you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Vietnamese) It's a universal truth six words for you: the golden lenses go with everything.
And finally, Saturday. Developing a personal style of a personal and only one is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I tried it over and over again when people approached me this week simply for what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to take away emotionally to these things, because back from the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant expectations, if there's a little love in my heart and I look for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the approach of each hemisphere -- we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical for example.
This would be someone who is totally intuitive.
So where do you put your brain on this scale?
Some of these things would be shot by one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the participants of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great app in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider myself one of those people, that just like most other experimental quantum physicists, we need a lot of logic to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition -- well, we like to play with things.
We get playing with them and then we see how they react to them, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
So some intuition that may have developed over the past few years is the one that says one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't get born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, always fell off.
But I bet the play with that parking bar taught him a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow you to train them, and they stay in a place.
This is a big conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking barriers, play with these strange particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they call it quantum mechanics theory.
At that point the physics was found a few years ago, you needed the quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But they didn't need to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle before.
But it didn't fit well to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why I was a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the small metal trick.
What we see is a small piece of metal with transparency and that it is supposed to support in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this original original form of nation that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but for it it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people go out of doing those things, because I don't want them to bother you, or, actually, to be assure.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave the same way.
The trips of travel of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that will assure it and the wind that happens to its side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers to it.
And that's what we did.
We turned out the lights and then we introduced an apartment and we extract all the air, and then we face it to a temperature of less than a degree by the absolute zero.
Now, by being just in the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating -- and the way it was vibrated was like a breath of this shape -- like a fire that expands and gets over.
And when you give it a smooth puzzle, we could make it vibrate and that they don't come at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibration is going to come and don't come at at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In a case -- all of the millions of atoms that make that piece of metal are still, and at the same time, those atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain instant when those are aliens.
In the rest of the time they're deflected.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth focusing on a clean room to do this for all of those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that piece of metal is roughly the same as the difference between that metal piece and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you all too?
I mean, it's my logical part of it.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was deployed in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turned the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw the metal followed there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, seemingly all objects in the elevator actually are quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about quantum mechanics to claim that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the profound range of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Ami.
And 18 months ago I was doing another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who's here and he allowed me to take it up.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, you know, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo here.
There are lots of stories about why we did.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I was from a great education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and works of art.
So when I started traveling and going to museum, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than it shows the demo to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we have led from their launch.
So just -- let's go to Google.
Look around all the museums that you have.
There's the Steve gallery the MoMA, the Mark, the Rags, the Goat God.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorites, to Metropolitan, the New York Art Museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and painting, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay or Michela, that really doesn't matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We open the plane up, and with a single click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, which want to go at the end of the past.
They're going to go forward.
Explored.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
I'm now in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Cold Greenland Councils?
I see the sign.
If the museum shows you the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metal information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the piece of the pilot.
So this image, for example, contains it, I think, about 10,000 million dollars.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million penguins?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 million dollars.
It can do exercise around a very simple way.
You see funny things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you would really want to define.
So I started playing up, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I walked in, and I discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I did a little bit of research, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan and actually discovered that this is a game called "Consciousness -- which is a game called "Conservative -- which is to hit an eye with the Carolina Tuesday stick.
And it looks very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in deep and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to go through the image, so you'll really see what there is.
Here's where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is about coming, a second.
So now we're quickly going to jump back to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night Star."
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the pictures?
What if you want to see how God actually created this master work?
It goes up and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the night start? I think I had never seen it so before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are many things more here, but I don't have time to show them.
This is the really cool part. It's called Collectives."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a management, that gives the same.
You can online in line to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, -- I've created this function that I call "the power of "the "short," we just made a joke around it.
This is "The Londing National Gallery in London.
You can take things out, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you're contemplating these master pieces.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all incredible things really don't come from Google.
No, in my view, even they don't come from the museums either.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium do justice to its art work and it's represented on the line.
And the big question that they do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to make the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think of it is a paint, a flying cell.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture, I'm an Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it has happened very interesting in the roads of Formula 1 in the last two decades.
It's already a few time ago, if you wanted to win a camera of Formula one, I would take a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot was good enough, you won the career.
This is what in engineering is called the control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and an activist.
What's interesting today is that control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming computer air computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accessible.
And to address cities is a big thing.
And as I notice, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption and up to 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these choices and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibit from Paul Antarctica for the end of the year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "The Talk "To Meeting Me: NASA.
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
In a way, it's like almost every existing atoms became sensors and active.
And that's changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Miguel said the Moscheres, he says that at the end I took the hammer, and he threw it to the Moses --  You still can see a little message underneath -- and he said screaming, "I found paid paralysis? Why don't you talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just some examples -- insisting in the idea of capturing the environment and achieving something.
Let's start with detection with it.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer of luck of 2006.
It was the year when Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end of the Zimbabwe, he gave the head.
And anyway, at the end won Italy.
Now let's look at what happened that day looking at activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the collision in the middle and the Rad River.
It's morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
At the end of the early afternoon there are people over here, and there we call them, moving around.
It starts the party, silence.
Gold from France, Gulf of Italy.
Imagine -- people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the register time.
First extra time, second.
Zimpano, and at a moment, the head.
won Italy, yeah!
That night everyone went to celebrate it to the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of it.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the picture of the place called Crick Massachuan where, from the armed time, people are going to celebrate. It's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how we can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we couldn't do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection -- it's not about people, but of things that we use and consume ourselves.
Today we know everything about the procedure of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac and how they communicate.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed some small tags to track the trash in its shift by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle just a few more than a year ago, to tag what they were stealing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that they would all end up.
And then we put a little chip, a tag on the garbage and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
And after a week.
So with this information, we realized that there are lots of connections in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
It's happening complicated things and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at all the days that the cup that we face is not missing, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we draw one day still goes on there.
So if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Isaac Bionicler, could tell us much more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to reach on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zaraginia.
It all started with a question of the city mayor that came and told us that Spain and South Europe has a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology can, new technology, to join that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a care and values, volunteers of sunlight, lens that open and shut down.
It's created as a water currency, with water pixels with water.
If you pull the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when we zoom in, the curtain will open so that we can go by, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Black Love.
He liked a lot of it.
And it took a commission to design the building to the entrance of the exhibition.
We call it the Digital Water Page.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors and no windows but when you approach yourself so that you can happen.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the sponges, you get down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days will always be somebody in the winter, when you go down the roof, somebody who was there and he said, "Give me the building."
No, it's not that you've been demonstrated, but when it comes down almost all the architecture goes away.
Here is working.
You see the people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am trying to not move into the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All of the kids in Zaraska came to the building, because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me go, but a building that kept making cuts and holes of water, and you had to jump to not move.
(Country noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give us to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is an image of the building with the physical pixels -- water pixels and of the projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that you could have little helicopters in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that's moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter -- like the one we saw before, that moves with other ones in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is the light, not the position of the pixels in it.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that screen appears in different scales and size, in different types of resolution.
And then all of that could a cloud of pixels in 3D where you can zoom up, and go up, and see from very different angles of angle.
This is the real Claptom controlled, going down to form a B, like before.
When you look at light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from people's movement, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolly -- one of the best dance dancers today -- the New York City star and Milky Scale -- to capture its 3D movements and use them as an input for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- the capture in different solutions.
It's so much 3D digitize in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can go through the whole way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with the color and the movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud of clouds -- like the grain of grain -- but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could get everybody to give you a little bit of a piece for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that's happened in the last two years is that, in the last two decades, we move from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may be that we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address today's challenges -- think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how will the digital world move into the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage to do this together, collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're pink.
It's a physical structure in London, but it's covered by populations.
You can move inside, having different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, serve to share the main moments of the Olympics of Oldne 2004 and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can climb up, like a new summit of London.
You can enter there.
As if it was a new digital face at night, but most importantly, it is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I would tell you that, with just a few changes in your genes, they could improve memory -- the more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better form, be stronger to be more strong.
Would you like to be more attractive and safe of themselves.
What about to live more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you like to do?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Music membership." Creative? creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
Thirds. It's probably the number of creative people present.
That's really good.
How many of you would choose memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
What about life?
Oh, most of it makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imaginative?
Or maybe possible?
Evolution has been a theme for the TED conference, but today I want to give you the look of a doctor about the subject.
The great genome of the 20th century, T. Dougen, who also colleaguted at the Church Orange Russia, wrote a trial called "No biology in biology makes sense of the light of evolution.
But if you effectively accept biological evolution to consider this: it's just the past, or the future?
Does it mean to others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well at an extreme way, is, of course, most of us.
We went from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There have been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hominids in the inside.
Some of them have gone and forth.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like the human insulin -- but it's the same protein -- chemically infinite -- which comes out of the pancreas -- which comes out of the pancreas ...
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all carry in the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think -- when Antonio Damas puts them out of the automobile, you think about bacteria.
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, heavy, it's very agricultural.
And we're going to give you all the nutrients that you can want without effort on their part.
It's really like a quick way for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But in fact, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help us digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what about the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or destined to become something different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast inclusive symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one single single company, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope they have enjoyed it.
When I got into college, I had my first class of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughter cells.
But when multicellular organisms show up, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that goes through the genome, the rest of the body becomes president.
In fact, you could say that the inevitable death of the body comes into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought, well, sexuality, sexually, death -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, every time I had more due.
I got to understand George Burns feelings, who still acted in Las Vegas in their 90 years.
And one night someone hits his hotel door.
He opens the door.
And in front of it is a magnificent light of clothes.
He looks at him and says, "Come for a sex support."
"It says, "Okay, George says, "I choose the sound."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different target to the objective of evolution, not necessarily controlled, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution consists of passing the genome to the next generation, adapting and surviving generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like defective rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next orbital level and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we all understood the feeling that Woody Allen felt when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily lack longevity.
It doesn't necessarily lack the bigger or the strongest or the fastest and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the better creatures to their environment.
That's the only survival of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean the terrorist bacteria that can survive the heat of the numbers that will produce, if there were fish there, fish cooked to the vacuum, yet they've managed to make that an accompanied environment.
So what this means when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we think about the place of humans in evolution and, in particular, if we look ahead to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first one is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, we have been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discovered and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have confirmed our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to him.
And by the way, we migrated -- we cross, and we engage so much that it is no longer possible to have the isolation that evolution happened.
A second possibility is that it produces a traditional evolution of the traditional type, natural type of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the engineers of evolution are radically desert, but they're internationally.
And in terms of insection, when as a species we collect distant planets are going to be the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility -- a attractive possibility and intriguing and frightening.
The call negotiation, new evolution, which is not just natural but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions from their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more varieties than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what it takes on the individual and family level.
Think of also that if it was possible to be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce cancer risk or eliminate the application?
Would you not want to make those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and demand 13 years.
It cost seven billion dollars.
The next year of having finished, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a cost near the 20,000 and in a week.
It's not going to be a lot for the human genome to make human genome for 1,100 and be increasingly at the scope of everyone.
These changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from them, but they're going to induce immune against other viruses.
Believe or not there is an experimental trial in course with the invadiant involvement in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the table?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just other little changes?
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if you could change the cells of your description?
And if you could change the sperm and the vulnerable, or would you change the newly focused, and give your kids a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating the humility, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want more healthy children?
And then that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases will also allow us to adopt spectacular spirituality -- a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennifer especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why not have a faster control muscle than it allows us to run faster and more distant?
Why not live longer.
This is going to be interesting.
And when we are in conditions of passing this to the next generation and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in the negative.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years old, and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to get to them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more unique or round and more vertical and more vertically?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deeper thing about all, are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions right?
For good or for bad, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor by making class, cloning, classical.
Classion, click, click, clock. It sounds terrifying.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 12.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight attacks.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds.
The pilot had seen the plane, and we were not so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot runs the plane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
It took the engines off.
Imagine being in a plane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three more disappeared words I've ever heard.
He said, "I will press for the impact."
I didn't have to talk about the flight assistant.
I could see it in your eyes.
Life was terror. Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the fence that I wanted to have and I never had.
While I was thinking about that later, I came up with a sentence, which is "Collective wine bad."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it open.
I don't want to play anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we were avoiding the George Washington Bridge -- which was not a lot of -- I thought about, wow, I really feel a big spite of hope.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity I also gave my ego place.
And I regret the time that I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a media in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like wonder.
I don't try to have reason -- choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going down, 15, 14, 13."
You see the water approaching it.
I'm saying, "Please fly?
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, wow, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all of our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sadness was embedded in a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still --     and I scream, crowd, like a small one.
And for me, that was all the reason for the world.
At that point, I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
Over all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I came up with a miracle of not dying that day.
And I came up with another gift that was the possibility of looking at the future and back and live in another way.
You guys are flying today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens to you in your airplane -- and please not like that -- but imagine and how do you change?
What they would do, which you still expect to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How do you change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can be?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the biggest thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDx.
TEDTalk was one of the most important graffiti in the '80s.
One day he came to her house after running and said, "Dad, I feel an ant in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDx has total paralysis today.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and an animation company, so obviously, graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony to Tony, TEDxopera, and to its cause.
So I went and met his brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with him?
And his brother said, "I just want to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, it's not that --  -- is that that --   Stephen Hawking: isn't all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody who is important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do they communicate then?
Does anybody see the film "The Scarter and the market?
They communicate in that way. They go with the finger.
I said, "That's architect. How can it be?
So I presented to the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check, I had no idea how I was going to cover it.
I was engaged with her brother and his father there at that particular moment, "All right, this is the treatment? Tony is going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their inner can't communicate it.
So I spoke a couple months later.
I met these guys called GBL Greenland Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface and then with a laser dot, draw on that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come on, they say, are part of a life cycle.
They first start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, after the Bush attacks, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so I started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving to move things on one side we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies and we got a machine so that TEDGlobal could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing. I call him YouTube because when you talk to the guy you get an email of him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy's great."
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world -- clearly all the corners of the planet -- to our home.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved into the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and conservatives and writers took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and that when we came back to have taken off the frames of the walls and in their place would be graphic.
But for two weeks, we went to the Marco March of Venice, my son was part, my dog also, and we created this.
It's called Expand "Captain: Net and you can see the description of it.
These are a couple of cheap glasses that we bought in the marine password of Venice, and some copper wire and things from Homo Depression and Radio Shake.
We take a PMS camera, we open it open, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that's free -- it builds yourself -- we publish the free code -- the software gets free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company.
There's no hospital to say no."
Any person with paralysis today have access to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much that was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to TEDx room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's his room.
It was all this billboard and singing during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life, and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the station outside the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and he would imagine what was the feeling in the parking stage.
The funny thing was that we had to build in parking so we feel like we were reading the graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue me and I would get out of there so I could respect?
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our scream of war.
That's what keeps us in motion.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magical screen.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and faster.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong touched something about us, and then, in December, the Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best invention of 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle, is that in April of this year at the MSF geography at the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called Art in the Streets."
And Art in the streets is going to have the best experts of urban art borea, Sandy Fash, Chinese) All of them are going to be there.
TEDTalk is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you look at something that is not possible, make it possible.
Nothing that is in this room was possible -- stage, the computer, the microphone, the Archimina, nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with ocean recognition technology -- I just recognized something and he teamed up with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions I want us all to do every day when we find something we feel you have to do. If it's not now, when, and if I'm not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting in very difficult situations and at the same time a little bit dangerous.
I went to jail.
I worked in a coal mine. dangerous.
It filmed in war zones -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this: fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been diving in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to examine social issues in ways that are attractive and interesting and hopefully analyzing them in a way that looked empowered and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the pattern wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took a plane in Eri.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What was the next thing: "A Stanford November presents? My TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is and in content could exploit it in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company when you do it.
But I said this, it's a very good medical opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that sales, I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me about a year ago I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we examined the world of marketing, the advertising world.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate me, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Spuck, I want to make a film that deals with product collection, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with product collection and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The largest self-expression film."
What happens in "The largest self-esteem is that everything up at the bottom is that all of the top at the end of the end, it's got breast images, all the time, from the assumption that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Laurean State, the State Center.
These people are going to be associated by the film at peripheral forever.
And so the film explores all of this idea. (Mica Kashies: It's a reduction: MR: It's reduction: I mean, all for it?
I'm a redundant weapon. MK: I just say that. It was more of the optimism.
It was "Peace."
But we're not just going to have the shape of the X brand in the title, but we're going to make sure that we're going to make sure all the categories we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and become the most cool shoe you've used.
The biggest car you've driven in "The largest Movie Movember," the best suit that you have drink, cortex of "The biggest selling event."
Fall Kosovo, the idea is to also show the brands as part of life, make them fund the film? MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO helps make it happen.
Robert Franklin: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the maximum respect for audience.
Wow. However, I don't know how much people are going to be to that.
DK: You have a perspective. I don't know if "Internet is very negative, but you know how it's going to reproduce? (Music: No idea. David Congo: How much money you need to do this?
MS: A million and a half million -- (Dis: All right, John Kamen: I think it's going to be difficult with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
DK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the film is going to look like a lot of joyful ideas.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Rubitation: Most of the answers will be not."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, by the film or for me?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So they help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands are.
MS: Yeah. MK: That's the challenge, when you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. (Music: Okay. Turn the camera.
MS: I thought that "speakers the camera meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
Turn out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to present the product as many people as possible, to make so much people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the separate media scenario is not the idea to tell that new digital vehicle of attention that is going to take the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a garden mistake, and that mistake was this one.
No, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image is.
See, when you look for transparency images in Google --   this is one of the first images that appear.
I like the way you go, Sergey Brian. No.
This was the problem: transparency, signal or deception -- easily detected or seen, easily understanding, which is characterized by the visible or access of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president of the name, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when you try to make it really change something changes.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- as that weird bear that's still regulating.
It's unpredictable.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
So you can eat a whole hate of Coast Wikipedia.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling us that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story.
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he was looking at me as he used to do it, say, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, there's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that's just because I met John Bond and Richard Kirstyles of many years -- I realized that I would have to go through my own, I would have to take away the interview and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn suddenly -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start to talk to companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big films, huge movies, giant and others who make small movies, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who do big Hollywood movies say that the reason their films are so successful is due to the markets that they have.
And then my friends who do independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies for Hollywood?
And the movie is called "The largest Venture Film."
How are we going to see Bang specifically in the movie?
Every time I am going out, every time I open my button, you'll see the destiny Bang.
At any time during an interview with somebody I can say, "Are you good for this interview?
Are you ready? You look a little nervous.
I want to help you get married.
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the interview.
And there's one of these fabulous arms.
Both Ford Florida as "Vietnam Vietnams are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman -- solid, blood, bar, barrier as it is.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give them a protected look.
Karen Franken: We're a small brand.
It similar to the kind of smaller movies that you said, we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that has other brand.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering Bang to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Super technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on the top.
Man: We talked about something bold -- fresh.
I think "Brad is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus the smell and the substance."
It keeps you cold.
How do you keep more time? With better farmer, more frustrated, three times more fresh.
Things like those who are resisting the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-million company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to you to the street man, people like me, to the common Pedesters.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your frame?
Man: Mmm, my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: She will review the '80s, particular public unless it is a day of landing.
MS: All right, what is the German framework?
Zoe: Something unique. (Music: unique. Man: I suppose the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glamour.
I like the dark colors, so many gray and things like that.
Usually I have access as sunlight glasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic benefit, Mercies Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it case fly."
Woman 2: In part, partly a government, partly girl Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I am the kind of mass.
By selling mass toys in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because he runs the market.
Man 5: Failed filmmakers.
Is that something?
lawyer, I am a lawyer.
Tom, I'm Tim.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand tomorrow, but I'm often classified in the dark glamour intersection and called case flight."
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could enter my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the market personality."
And I found a company called Olam Zalaive in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Neil and February, February Halley to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, you could surely do it for me.
August: Trade the photos, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a familiar picture.
A: Tell me a little bit how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way of being.
MS: These people model my way to look at the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live, like people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are organized and they start in a place and in my case, and you start in my family, Western Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me why. Why does that look like?
What's the machine? What phase of the octopus are you now?
Why is it important to recover? What represents the red one?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metabolic have you had had?
You don't have to have fear. What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Hewistunt."  Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. (Music: Big work? A: Yes. (Music: Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what is going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness.
Linbone Zambia, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides of it, but complementary companies, in your brand personality -- the Morgan Spring brand is a complete brand.
They are saying very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or in the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- avoid fear -- those elements, and you actually give you a drink and you make it become positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is classic, Apple Apple.
And you can also see Table, With, Minister of Minister Coopers and Jethane.
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come but a logic brand is quite powerful.
MS: So what is your framework?
If someone asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you a sentence attractive? Are you somebody who makes the blood flow?
Or are you rather a destructive attractive?
A little bit more called researcher, resistant, conservative?
And the airplane attributes are like being a leader to be fresh as the Prize, contemporary -- advanced, advanced or bold like electrons -- Florida or fast, profound, professor, magnetic or mystic or mystic like Gangabondo.
Or are you rather than destructive attractive?
Are you conscious about 797?
Are you stated, tradition, provided, protective, protective?
Are you confident, stable, family, trust, safe, sacred or contraction or wise -- like the Dalai Lama or YouTube?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, mild and destructions, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this movie, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the end product.
They allowed us to tell the story of neuroscientist, and we come to tell the story in this movie of how they use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as a movie.
We went to San Paulo. Where they have banned the advertising to the free air.
All over the city over the last five years, there are no valleys, there are no cards, no volumes, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with problems in the U.S.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or what I've had more successful are those where I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took the interviews, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with the artist directly.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think about the way we look at the world.
And how did they have gone? They were successful.
Well, since the film is sitting in the Satellite Festival of Sunday, let's take a look.
According to Burkers the film are started in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in syndrome.
It hasn't even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not wrong because almost all the agencies that we talked about was advised to their clients not to be part.
I've always believed that if you get risks, if you take risks that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that they're pushing them into failure.
I think that when you train your employees in the risk at risk is preparing all your company to lack of rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We need to encourage people to not be afraid of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, I think we have to give it place to fear.
We have to put that bear into a cage.
We open the fear. We open the risk.
From a string at the time, we have to hug the risk.
And ultimately, we have to help transparency.
Today more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to take a long way.
And I said, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "We "Have Area the Transparency has been presented by my good friends from EMI who bought the rights of the name in Eri.
EM: Becoming big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
EMI presents "Star Transportation."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, on behalf of transparency, that happened exactly with those 7."
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a name of the name of the TED matrix, the Salibatic Foundation, a collapse for 7,100 to be applied to my attention for TED next year.
The idea behind the Stanford computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the United States energy plant.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we manage to compromise these systems that control speed and tubes. We can cause a lot of problems with centrality.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus from Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we are ready.
This is the plan behind Stanford.
We started with a Windows installed Winnow.
The eye goes into the gray box, damage the central, and the Iranian nuclear program is democratically.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Stanford six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown to it.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Words part of the Windows: the installed marketing used multiple dangerous vulnerability.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stanford and we saw what happened with this.
Then very strange things happened.
Stanford was behaving as a lab rat that he didn't like our bridge, it smelled it, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors -- I realized, and I thought, "This is a targeted attack.
It's completely directly."
The installation is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program you're trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
So if not, Stanford does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we will discover the goal soon.
So we went down and we took the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and big one.
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots that I would attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Stanford install is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the load is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this active code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old universal language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code.
What we were looking at at the beginning was called the system functions because we know what they do.
Then we were looking at temperatures and data structures and we tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential targets in the real world.
We need theories about descriptions that we can approve or destruction.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent shot, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reproduced.
You don't find several thousand goals in that area.
It basically boils down to the North nuclear power plant and the National Narrator plant.
So I said to my assistant, "Take a list of all the experts in central centers and power plants between our clients."
I called them and put them into an effort to collect their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital eye with the control of the ritual.
The rotor is that mobile part of the central, that black object you see.
If you handle the speed of this clothes, you can certainly push it up and even make the command explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and discover in an obvious effort to go back to the nest maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher the big digital eye looking at very close to data and their structures.
So for example, the number 162 supply in that code, you can't get obvious.
I started to research scientific literature about how these centers are built in Nature and found that they're structured in what is called a waterfall and every waterfall contains 147 centrality.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These connections in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code, right?
It's almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between the hands.
For no marketplace, it wasn't like that.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in the streets and we had to go back to start.
Even so, we discovered that both digital eyes were pointing to one single thing, but from different angles.
The small eye is taking a waterfall and turning the buttons and translating them, and the big eye communicates with six inches and manipulating tubes.
In sum we're very confident that we've determined what the destruction is.
It's Nature, and it's just Nature.
We don't have to worry that other goals are achieved by Stanford.
Here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and the centers look at the centers.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of the sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false data data.
And believe it or not, these fake input data are programmed by Stanford.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security chamber.
Is it great one?
The idea here is obviously not just to get the operators in the fourth of control.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbine goes through speed, you have to open up valves of escape in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are compared, then bad things can happen.
The plant can exploit it.
And not the operations or the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generic attack.
It has nothing to do -- specifically, with centers, with a writer energy.
It could also work for example, for example, in an energy plant, or in an autonomous factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- and you don't have -- that I will disseminate this charge with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stanford.
You could also use conventional traffic technology to disseminate it.
Tell me as possible.
And if you did that, what you end up with is with a cardiac destruction cyber.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We have to face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralagia, it's done public in many sides that people assume that the mosquitos is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion.
Ralph Lendo: Okay, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My guess is that the mosquitos is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber supermarket.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately.
Because, in other ways, our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for attracting. Thank you, Ralaki.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you a super-control skills, or another one that makes users of wheelchair the wheels go back and walk back.
In Berline Bionics, we call these robots, excuses.
They are nothing different from something that gets in the morning, gives you a big force, that also increases your speed, and helps him for example, to manage the balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not just that -- it can integrate and connect it to the universe and with other external ones.
This is not a real idea.
To show you now in what we're working on we started talking about the American soldier that on average, it should take on their back a 45 pounds charge, and it's demanding it even more team.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- lenses in the back, in 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you the HIV -- or Port University Human Cartoons.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton I can cover 90 pounds for variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put in circles to go through and run movements with great agility and extract.
I think what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Stype Benja: We're ready, with our industrial partners, to produce this device, this new explosion, this year.
It's a reality.
So let's go back now to the users of wheelchair users, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people roughly, in wheelchair chairs, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens often -- people who are very young people, with damage in the inner column that their life started their life -- by 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that aging very quickly.
His only option, many times -- by a brain injury, or some other complications -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from its successful, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter of mobility.
Let me introduce you the X-rays that's using Amanda Boston who was 19 years ago had a lesion in the spine column, and as a result he couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bolt: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our EDIS, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the boat computer, here in the back.
So here are a few batteries that give the motors energy in the hip. And on the knees and they make it go forward with this soft and very natural.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a stranger jump in the air, and skiing costs on the bottom of it was paralyzed.
In a fraction of second, I lost all sense and all the movement of the pen down.
A few time later, a doctor entered my room in the hospital, and he said, "Amazon, you'll never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last piece of hope of my being.
The adaptive technology since then, it has allowed me to learn how to get rid of it on a ski and climb rocks and even ride on a biologist of hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not just of soldiers, but to Amanda and to all the users of wheelchair to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of day -- where fun is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the festival of the Mandarin or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, you know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonds of Congo.
Bones are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've made too much health in this aspect of our narratives of human evolution.
But bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, terrifying society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very tolerant society where mortal violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, bonobos are the least understanding of the big apes of the big apes, unfortunately.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tennit -- the scenario of a violent conflict that has been deployed by decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the bank.
The hunting meat and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world, and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by making the trees.
Who are these primes?
We know them as the apes "make love, not war, because they have a frequent sex, promise and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying this is the solution to all problems of humanity because the life of the bonobos is more than the Kamen Sunday.
The bonobos. As humans, they love playing along their entire life.
Playing is not just a game of children.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance, the tradition.
With him we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
The game increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with generation of diversity -- diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game you see the same evolutionary roots of laughter and dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild.
First of all, it's a balloon balloon game, and I don't talk about football.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution here.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "You've got the ball of the balls."
I just think that in this case he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common both in bonobos as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into the game -- like the testicles -- and also how the game requires trust and trust trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But play is pollution.
The game is pollen, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more range, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the wonder.
And I want you to see -- this is Future, a young female who's playing with water slightly.
I think that, like her, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outside world.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact with, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real sign of creativity.
These are just small samples of the understanding that bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we need to adapt to a more difficult world with more creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our adaptation of adaptation.
To adapt to a successful world that changes we need to play.
But will we leverage the maximum of our game capacity.
The game is not force.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and desperate.
When it seems the least appropriate to play, they can be the moments in which it's the most urgent thing.
So primates, we accept this gift of evolution and we play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Howard.
When I am not fighting poverty, I combat fire as a capital assistant in a volunteer fireman body.
And in our city, where volunteers make a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the website very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But yet there was a career standing against the other volunteers to get into charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain I was frustrated in a conversation with the owner that I certainly would go through one of the worst days of his life.
We were at the end of the night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a funders, in piano, which his house was in flames.
The other volunteer I had just got before I am, we call him Leel Luther --  came first to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the house.
The dog. I was so clean."
There was a lawyer or a money management that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people that I entered a building in a call to save a live living only because I was earning for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an advertise.
He said, "Bottles, I need to get into the house.
I need you to climb up, go through the fire, and it brings this woman a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hall, went to the real limbs that that height was more or less had finished the fire and entered the main room in search for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my burden back through the staircase where I met my Number and the beautiful dog in the main door.
We took out of the house for the owner of the house where he was waiting for his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter of the home of the house recording by the brave effort demonstrated to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at on the other was that somebody had reached a couple of shoes.
Both in my vote in Robin Hood, as in my vote as a volunteer fireman, I'm witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also of grace acts and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look in this room to people who have achieved or they're going to get -- remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you -- they don't expect.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give.
They serve food in a comment, they cleaned up a park of the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's life.
So they train the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Beautiful, thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great admirer of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1865 with a very simple idea modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things that we, as buildings or bridges or a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LED came up with this.
It was called an automatic assembly brand.
And in a few years, LGBT bricks.
It's estimated over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
LGBT made it accessible.
LGBT simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick brick with each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex circuits.
But there's a main difference -- the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing literature.
Let me show you how they work.
Liberals are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're ready to be light, sound, engines and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they get together by magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color of colors.
The green is the salm, the blue is the stream, the pink is the input and the orange color is the beat.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green one, and very quickly you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle, and so we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse cord, which is here, and now we have an interactive light.
We added this guy to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, literature are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and sugar, literature allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To get faster or slower, you simply turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind literature is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to go down to the landscape ready to use.
Lights, sound, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We have literally given kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a light lamp works, or why the door of an elevator is still open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also led to design schools.
So for example, designers without any electronics are starting to play with literature as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and filter, we have George creating George.
(Message sounds)  A few weeks ago we took little delivers to the Rhode Island design designers, who have no experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a condition of active confidence for movement.
But wait, here's my favorite project.
It's a logic made of plantation that is afraid of darkness.
For these non-like engineers, literature became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at the scope of everyone.
So literals have open code.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invented.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seek to engage with the environment focusing on the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can get a little bit in charge of it.
We can -- we can continue better left the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is.
Oh, I've already got the time?
Very good. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything you're supposed to stop -- we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called "American for American and it would be like a people of Peace Forces.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the machines.
Instead of sending them to the Third World We sent them to the wild world world.
They made great applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
His task is to show the possibilities of today's technology.
meet Alli.
This is a city in Boston.
Here it comes up as if I look for a quote, but what it really looks for is that somebody will clean it when it gets caught by the snow because it knows it's not very good at adding fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask for help in this single way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of members of "Common for American for America."
They were there in February, and at that time I was born long last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrogen.
But one of the members named Erik Michellen noticed something else -- that citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hypothesis.
You accept to clean it when it snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case, put it.
If you don't do it, someone can robot.
You know, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 applications program last year.
But it does something that no other technology in the government does.
And it spreads in viral form.
A responsibility of systems of Honologist in Honologist to see this app realized that it could use it, not for the snow, but for citizens to adopt signals of tsunami.
It's very important that they work these tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
That's why he asked citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to get citizens to break the departments off.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean out sidewalks when it snow.
So now we know nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread with no friction, organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology you know that this doesn't happen usually.
software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we've done the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the public power of California that has cost 2,000 million dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of advance of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the government better ways to work, not as in private companies, as many people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
That is, without restriction, it's open and generalized.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents how to address the issue of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an analogically anchoriting institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out we're very good at collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficiency.
And it's not only "Come for American for America but there are hundreds of people all over the country who contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by selling the government.
They feel a big frustration of that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from sight.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line in the DVD -- "I mean, and all those other things that make us crazy -- the government is essentially in Tim Okay words -- "What we do together because we can't alone we can."
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. government.
And given that the government at the last example of us -- remember that from "We the village? The way to think about it affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to make it happen.
Well, after two years I have come to the conclusion that the government is, especially a matter of crimes.
This is the telephone care center and information center.
It's the place that you can use if you mark 314 in the U.S.
Scott took this call.
Income Zarcial in the official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, can you open the door door, put strong music out and see if it goes?
And it worked. So for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the grass.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has a application, web and mobile phone, called "Titanical Connecticut."
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people in the New York urban Mechanism Office.
One day, this happened really -- this progress -- "British in my trash cube -- I don't know if he's dead.
How do I do that?
The Diamond Connecticut dynamic is different.
Scott was speaking in person.
In Connecticut Citizens, everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I approached the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zarcia: Yes. Live? Yes.
I turned the cube back. I went home.
Good evening. Good army."
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology definition of platform.
I talk about a platform so that people are authenticioning and help others.
So one citizen helped another, but here the government had a key paper.
I connected the two people.
And it could have connected to the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call the animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then expect government to reflect our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and the politics is the surface layer of 15 feet.
Below is what we call the burrow.
And we say that word with a lot of waste.
But it is that waste that keeps that to us that we finance as something that operates in our back, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People think politics is sensory.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government works.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the October movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report from 325 pages in response to the loss of the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have been referring to the government, it's time for us to ask what world we want to leave to our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we're going to get where we have to go without solve the institution that can act in behalf of all of you?
We can't go through government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the government function so that it can expand to force civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act communicate, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a general generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who you're going to talk about: everyone will talk.
You can express your opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when you deal with the government problem you don't care much to make their voices.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make government better.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned up a hypersonic hypothesis, taking weeds on a garbage cube that has an injury inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned up those hydrogen, and many people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we're not only consumers, we're not just consumers that we pay taxes and we get services.
We're more than that. We're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it's the important things that we need to do together, all together, will we be a village of voices, or will we also be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prison, prisons and in the death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginal communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here have impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we have learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach meaning, they can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it was if it's charitable -- it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a market, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in the slavery in Virginia over 1840.
She was born about 1888 and his experience with slavery as I was looking at the world.
She was hard, but it was also love.
When I was a small and I looked at her, she came up with me and he gave me a good hug here.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe and then let me.
One or two hours later, I looked back and looked at it, and he was like, "Britain, still feel my airplane?
And if I said no, I would get back again and if he said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that would always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of the 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years, I woke up one morning, I went into the room and there were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first I thought it was a game.
So I looked at her and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she lifted up, and he pulled me out of my hand and said, "Go back and said, "Come in Breed. We're both going to be convinced."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Britain, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone anything."
I said, "Okay, Mause."
She said, "Now I'm going to make sure you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, he looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
And he said, "I think you can do whatever you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Britain."
I said, "Sure, Mam."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to ask me is you always want your mother."
Adam: "She is my daughter, and you have to promise me to always take care of it."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mam, I will do."
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise me is that you will always do the right thing to be the right thing to be hard."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mause. I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to ask me is you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mause, I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural south, and I have a brother a year older and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beer pack, I don't know where I pulled them, I grabbed my sister and I went for the forest.
We just came up with the crazy local.
He took a service service, he offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. It's okay. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today I do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I took something, your sister also -- Taste a beer.
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can follow."
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What happens to you? Take a service."
I got my eyes up with the force and said, "Oh, I'm not going to be thinking about the conversation with Mam."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Momamma tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was drinking.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to be spread away.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtue. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others who really don't make sense of it.
We can't get to do things that don't think they can do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been ready during the proportion.
My uncle died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to it, we had to commit them.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
We have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in medical freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, it's so much desert, so much despair.
One in three black between 18 and 30 years is in prison or in conditions.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington Washington to 60 to 60 percent of all color people are in jail or in conditions.
Our system is not only distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a court system that is much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not collaboration, but wealth is what drives the results.
And it looks like we feel very small.
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems.
We are discovered.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some pretty curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you have to get rid of rights forever, if you have a criminal condom.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to the vote.
And if we projected it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they passed the law out of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
A lot of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it feels like 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, without possibility to go out ever.
We are now in a process of some liberals.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the death row.
This death penalty issue is interesting.
In a sense we've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the commentary crimes?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die through the committed crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
In every nine people executed -- it's identified one that is innocent that is extremely excited and liberated from the death row.
A rate of error, amazing, an innocent from every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation you would never be allowed to use planes if every nine you would will describe, you would have to show you.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time I started at the end of the reconstruction and that lasted to World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by the terror.
In many communities people were afraid to be books.
They were worried about being bombs.
The threat of the terror was what he defined their lives.
Now there are older people who are approaching me and they say, "Mr. Stevenson, you say talk, makes speeches -- I give people to stop saying that in our history we read for the first time with terrorism, after 9/11.
They ask me to say, "No. Say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism continued to, obviously, with self-relationship and decades of racial superconductor and separation.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome race security without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penalty conference.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's well worrying about what you say.
Adam: We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There is no way that with our story, we can never get in the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately we were to run people."
Imagine about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, running people, especially if they were in their most Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this decline.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't actually care about these very difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are, though, implicated.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are embedded by suffering, abuse, degradation, direction.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We mostly talk about the need to have more hope, more commitment, more dedicated to the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the performers, who will never come to TED.
Think about them is, in a certain way, something that is within our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
That's what we are. In spite of being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation with creativity, development comes not only from brain ideas.
These things come from ideas food as well as the heart conventions too.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to look not only in the bright and unfortunately, but also in the dark and the difficult.
Valley Hail, the great child leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in Eastern Europe suffering the opportunity, we had all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness for being in the speakers and being testosterone."
Well, that orientation for spirit is virtually at the heart of what I think, even in communities like TED, should be compared.
There's no disconnect with technology and design, which allows us to be truly humans if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusive inequality, to inevitability.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts are a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the big privilege, being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks.
These women come together just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Alligator called me, to say, "Britain, comes the Mrs. Parasites. We're going to meet you to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to us?
I was like, "Be lady. I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?
I said, "Let's listen to it."
So I went and just heard them.
It was very violent, so illustrating.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks pointed to me and said, "Now Breeir, tell me that it's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted innovative.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without parole.
We try to do something about death.
We try to reduce the population in jail.
We try to end up with mass criminals."
I gave him all my best speech, and I ended up looking at me and said, "Mom mile millimeter."
And he added, "I guess "I'm going to be strangely silver."
At that time, Mrs. Carl leaned up, put my finger in the face and said, "This is why you have to be very but very bad."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to figure out how to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because eventually humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is superior to the worst thing we have committed.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not that it's a lab.
Even if someone kills another, it is not that it's a murderer one.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
It's not.
I really think that in many parts of the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very literally, very stimulating -- we're not going to judge for our technology, for our designs, not by our intellectual or rational capability.
In the end, you judge the character of a society, not because of the way they treat rich, powerful and privilege, but by the way they treat the poor, the condoms, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
I feel desperately. I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I get tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sensitive with a lot of surface.
I go to jail and I see my 13 and 14 customers who have been allerable to be judged as adults as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what it isn't it?
The judge absorbed it as an adult, but I see a child.
So one night later, I was awake thinking, by God, if the judge can become something you don't are, it must have magical powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think about it, but I started working on a motor.
I had a 14 year-old customer, a little poor, black, black.
I started working on the motion, with an incident that said, "Moon for my 14 year-old black client to be treated as a prevalent white white white white white white white.
In the kitchen, I realized that there had been an independent behavior in the activity, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a line on how in this country there is no ethic but a lack of ethics.
So the next morning I woke up thinking that amazing decision would be a dream, or did I really write it?
For my horror, not only had it reduced it, but had sent it to the cut.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided, "Oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I went up to the car, and I felt really boom, overwhelming me.
I went into the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and pretty cool.
I finally moved down the car. I walked to the guy.
I was going up the stairs when I met a older black man with a older black man.
When he saw me, I came up and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer: he replicated, "Is you adopting? I said yes.
And so I was shocked and approached me.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was violent.
That was deeply connected to my interior, with my identity with the capacity that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I enter the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
He said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this user mountain?
I said, "Be Mr. I was me." And we started discussing it.
People started to go. They were all indigenous.
I was the one who had written those crazy.
The police fishermen came, the autonomous fishermen.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all angry because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye I got to see when I was going to see that I went and came out.
I looked through the window and I was able to hear all that scream.
I kept walking out there and there.
Finally, this old black face, with the face of concern, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge described a recession.
During the destruction one of the stations of the story showed up because the consensus had entered the room.
The assistant.
And he said, "Limbook, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black man stood up, looked at the attack, looked at me and he said, "I enter this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view in the goal with fire."
I have come to TED today, because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds to justice.
That we can't really be truly evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival is linked to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to fertilizer and compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with ferrift.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, this community, to help in your purpose, to do something.
Something that's not a crash. What can we do?
BL: There are several opportunities close to it.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring, which will be made to redefine the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty in the next five years. One billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of homicide don't connect in arrested.
55 percent of the rapes don't come to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are going to be put into the law to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation. It's said that it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you tell the people who believe this?
BL: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in massive incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes up in the population population.
And we let us convince the retirement of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people back into the period of piece -- to steal a bicycle, for small crimes against property, instead of making those resources to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Britain, we've been excited about being a moment here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats for the death of Bin Laden.
Announcer: Human 2: Hamist in Somalia, London 3: The police takes O.C.
Leader 4: Tapestries. Leadership Fisheries."
Lance 6: Social decision. Voice 7 dead.
Lancis 8: The temple of tsunami -- London 9: Citizens.
Several local locality: war to the crossrool. mass destruction.
Receptor. Bank. Endelly task. Egypt. Siring.
crisis. Death death. Death.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diamonds, these are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could barely be the last six days or over the last six years.
The idea is that the media means prefer to give us negative news because our minds pay attention to you.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of each day our senses get much more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters to us more than survive, the first stop of all that data is an old photograph of the temporal lobe called a doctor.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Order and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from a tens of stories, we would rather look at the negative.
That old man came out of the press, "If there's blood some blood, it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news to the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are personalized.
It doesn't surprise that people think the world is going on wrong in worse.
But maybe it isn't.
Maybe what really happens is that we get distribution.
Perhaps huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, the extinction of species, water scarcity and energy -- no doubt we have.
As human beings, we are very good at embracing problems, and in the long run, we end up with them.
Let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average of life is more than doubled -- average income per capita adjusted by inflation, has tripled.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communications has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pingnance showed us that we're living the most peaceful time of human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 to over 80 percent over the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
Many people forget it.
And we keep getting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefine the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, mobile air and cars.
The barrier magnets of the past century, the programs on the planet would never have dreamed of such luxury.
And by supporting a lot of this is technology and, lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes in technology technology jumped on this curve, Moore's Law, and double the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So this is why the mobile phone you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a 70-year-old supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and in addiction.
It's the result of fast computers used to build computers faster.
It doesn't stop before any big challenges.
And even though it's recorded in a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, unlike Moore's Law actually is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Autopity call infinite computer, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and its ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, the digital medicine, the nations and the A.I.
I mean, how many people saw the victory in "Jeopardy" of Watson: IBM?
He was pill.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I had.
And I loved this one, and Watson comes to human opportunities."
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
It plays with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called the Uniformitive University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to come up with a company, or a product or a service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have been absorbed about.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single inhabitant on the planet -- is about creating a life of possible.
It's about taking that thing that is scarce, and it makes it awful.
You see, the scarcity is context and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Nazi III in the 1980s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Timon.
National troops ate with silver covers, and the same Nanopatch, with gold covers.
But the king of Simon, I ate with aluminum covered with.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, it was worth more than gold and plastic.
So the tip of the monument to Washington is all alien.
You see, even though aluminum is 80 percent of the Earth's mass -- it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and silences.
But then the electrons came and made the aluminum so cheap that we use it as if it was disturbing.
We project this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about the energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet based for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16 minutes of energy every 58 minutes.
It's not about scale, it's about accessibility.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the dense of the dense -- 88 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity cost six cents a kilometer per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk about wars by water.
Do you remember when Carl Satal pointed out the Spanish Space spaceship to the Earth, in 1990, after I spent Saturn.
He took a famous picture. How did it go?
"A pale blue point."
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 95 percent is salt water, two percent is ice, and we fight by five percent of the water on the planet, but there's also a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the nanotechnology.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovation innovators -- I would like to share with you, he gave me permission to do it, your technology called Solicity -- maybe you know it -- it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It is able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day of any water source, contaminated water, a letting, for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to do a major test of these units in the developing world.
If that comes up well, and I have a full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it globally in 2006 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation that is powered by this technology that is today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think of it, that mass war has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to count with a smart cell cell phone, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information abundance and communications that nobody could have predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars of GPS, video HIV, images of books and music, medical diagnostic technology -- now they're democratized and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best comes when they get health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Lamas Foundation something called the X Lab Lab Project, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because it has A.I. they can touch, they can extract blood from the fingers.
To win it has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the charge of morality is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA virus or DNA that I don't recognize -- call the health care and in the first place, prevent the pandemic to happen.
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance.
I call it the billion.
The white lines here are population.
We just spent the mark of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds have never been left before the global conversation.
What do these people want to?
What do you do? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they'll get more health because of the Trick, of a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and the computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can give us three billion more members of humanity, health educated and productive health?
How about some voices never before?
What if we give the oppressed. wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
So what will these three billion?
And if you are contributions that we can't predict it?
Something I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you already know.
It's called Phlaze.
It emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a mindset of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with this college professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people came together and started playing it.
And it's shown that today the recognition machinery of human patterns is better by folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the broadcast of the block.
We have the capital of technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few decades of extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the corruption of the party point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I will give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1853.
You might believe that I pursue pictures, but it wasn't like that.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as a common positive.
It was the series.
It was a lot for the 1880s.
Now the fish is on the U.K. Red list.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have any special stuff.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're prostitutes.
The pills still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept -- the department of the close.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a range in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The gecko was surrounded by fathers, and as you can see, from a few mangrove mangroves.
There were tiny taxes of about 20 centimeters a black bar.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and went through a good moment, so he won more than the middle in Ghana.
When I was there 27 years later, the amount of fish had dropped in half.
They made the five inches at the time.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
And it is, nothing changed, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was applied in the introduction of spaghetti fishing in the Asian Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s. Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was supposed to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called the Museum four.
I went out fishing on him, and we did studies in southern the South China Sea and especially in the Japan Sea.
What we captured there was something interesting.
So we captured -- now I know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sports, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny blobs on a little bit of restaurant, remains that are fish of coral reef fish.
In summary, the sea floor came to the deck and then it was carrying.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In one year, you do a study and then you start commercial fishing.
The background goes from being a soft coral fund in this case, to be a local.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them. They discovered them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living one.
I was still not drinking.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of rest is what the fishermen pick up every time you go to an area where they never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We took the point on the side, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this is something like this.
On the axis, we have good things -- biodiversity, amount of golden, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extracting it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the change of change.
And in the end, keeping a few other missions.
And that, in large measure, we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer or not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when they kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that's very abundant before you get extinct -- it's a little bit often.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become little frequently because we fish them.
Over time they have a few fish, but we think that's the point of particular.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, will tell you that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you have, like that captain and so looked at a lot of fish in this area can't be used or usually don't use the fishing scientists of fish, because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in informed societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
So the huge paper that can make a protected marine area.
Because with the protected marine areas, we really recognize the past.
So we recognize the past that people can't conceive because the part of the side has run and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area and they can benefit from the vision that provides it, which allows them to erase their point of party.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access, like people in the Middle East, for example?
And I think the arts and cinema may fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Shila Bay simulation.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Chapter Bay 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the mathematics and the skills are like "Invition?
And if you think about "analysis," if you think why people got the film with the movie --   -- why are you going to move with the pictures?
Because it raises something that, in a sense, has lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one I'm going to do, is Cameroon, make "Apple II under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alas, the YouTube trend manager and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today, we're going to see why videos are making viral and what importance it is.
We all want to be stars? Celebrations, singers -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions today, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be done on the Internet in a sangible.
Over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, just a small percentage of it makes a viral thing, and it gets an infinite moment and a cultural moment.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends and participation and physical factors.
Well, let's start.
Beat Vacan: Oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God.
Wow.
China, work.
KA: Last year, Beverly Valveil published this video film outside his house in the Yosemite National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the population rise of the summer.
Berrier is not supposed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double spider bow.
That's what you do is called Most Mountain Mountain.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Zimon.
Jimmy Kimae published this tube that caught the video to the population.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimae present us new and interesting things, and they will fold them into a wider audience.
Report Blackberry:  It's Friday, Friday -- you have to start the Friday --   Everybody wants to get the weekend.   You all want to get the weekend.   You see, Friday -- starting the Friday --  KA: Don't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Red Black Vietnamese is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "Archive Drastes Doubt," this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peak, they're also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday show?
Well, I took it Toy, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson.
But what's important is that a person or a group of trends are adopting a point of view, and they share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this big internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 pieces of Vietnamese on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the international entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon of figuring out or doing something new with that.
"You know Catas is a repetitive animation with a music.
This is what it is.
This year you saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there's a version of three hours that has been seen four million times.
Until the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet technology community.
There were releases.
Somebody made a version to the old one.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community of remix that made this happen from being a dumb joke to something that we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "a dominant "Ready Spring or Red Black Ride: "You know Cathard?
What guide could I have written that I would put this situation?
In a world where two days of video per minute, only that really unique and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy that protest against cyclists in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Nin: I was asked by not circular by biologist, but there are often obstacles that prevent you to circulate the bike properly.
KA: Thanks to the surprise and his humor, Casey Niger got five million people and they understood their idea.
So this approach is worth all the new things we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beat Vacan: What does this mean?
Chris.
KA: What does this mean?
The trends of trend, creative communities of participation -- what's totally unexpected -- are characteristics of a new kind of media -- of a new culture, to which we all have access and is the audience that defines the popularity of it.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bieber started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owner of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, it's just the current media, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still brought.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a farmer, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine that as the communities come into San, it will address the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now they get it.
It was reported in silence.
He died by history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain and my lesson was to learn that history tried to get them out, but we succeeded.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when they stand quietly down to the sea.
My mother, Maul, was just 18 years when her father died, and a concentrated marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had gone down to a task alone -- the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was incomplete for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four-year sentence that challenges fiction -- a boat goes down to the sea distributed barrel of fishing board.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was the pirates, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a fragment with poison.
If you catch us, we first would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rhythm of the engine -- the burning proper in every wave, and the horizontal and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirate piles that came several times, but they were fooled with the value of the men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't get through six hours.
But I know the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to fund the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried to do, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we used Melacina.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Forcent, a substance of classic class, whose population is comprised of immigrants ...
Unlike the average class suburbs whose existence was discovered, in Forcent, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the international fragments of English were traded between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car mountain line, working six days, double surgery.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title on TV of information.
We were poor.
All of the dollars were assigned and established an extra headline in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take off, which was generally new clothing. It always was a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the touches, because I had to last six years.
And there were rare and painful singing on the "section eyes and some graphic some graphic) "Stains, come home.
How come?
Something in me was reduced.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support them."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was excited every night, but we got on our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered the standards, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake it up.
She opened a computer store, then I studied to be state and opened another business.
And women were coming with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and anger and infinite, and kids trained between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and patterns.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implanted with what it demands of myself.
In the other, I was locked up in prison lives, translated by violence, abuse of drugs and isolation.
But many of them received help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the old Australian young year.
And I was catalyzed from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So Leo, anonymous for Fordia, was now so me Let, refugee and social activist invited to speak in places that I never heard of, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to get back to the routine and the comfort of life in a instant suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting on the day of each and leaving drinks, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when she went up to the ship.
The non-state had never been an option.
"Make it go, he said, "And you don't be what you don't.
So I talked about juvenile accessions and education and destruction to marginalizes and destroyed.
And the more I talked about, the more it was sacrificed to talk.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they loved -- living in the boundary of the possible.
And although I finished my language, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that is okay to be an unknown, a newly arrived, new in the scene -- and not only it's good, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being in the inside can easily mean collapse the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your supply.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world is decreased, but not the way we fear.
possibilities. They wouldn't have been allowed to be all the time.
There was an energy there, an implant optimism, a rare mix of humility.
So I followed my intuition.
I brought together a small group of people who the motto can't do was a interesting challenge.
For a year we didn't have a center.
At the end of every day, it was a giant balloon of soup that we all share.
We worked to good at night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the U.S.
After a single journey.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved and the adventure continued to go.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time when the confusion was the social norm and the local Mandeland was the person who was important.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17 became a concrete of a Mandela whose mother hit her.
With no support of his husband, I caused a revenue to demand it and bringing the cause herself and much more back to it when they win.
He can't do it to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died to 1,000 miles, in Melica.
I looked through the market of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew he had come to me.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Forchipher, and we sat around her attack.
We told stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a man came and told us I had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
And I asked the monk, "Why is her hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold.
"Because you've taken your hand since the morning, he said.
"They haven't sold it."
If there is a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Since we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I ask myself about the boat.
Who could wish that to you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy thing, the right.
Can I give you a piece in your lives, getting brave in every wave, the pretty constant rhythm of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could do it and see them, I would do it.
The Nameter Neil and also the mother of that is today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Radio about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi singer Mahatha Ali.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the age of ancient Indian epiphany "The March."
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a cart and we would turn out the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when Rejergant, the great Indian warrior prince, had a skill, he took a bow and with a floor to the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with tanks and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that was a lot of me.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a charge if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tell my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic to not kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his pocket silver blank.
And this 50 years of technology was for me the most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, and fingers and galaxies in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent that we are.
They are facing our inspiration.
And so I came to this tech world to see how to use it to create magic, instead of killing it.
I illustrate books since the age of 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect to the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
You put the text with the image, animation, sound and touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multiple multiple.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch Khym, an interactive app for iPad.
He says, "I put your fingers on every light.
And so --  He says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
In several moments I get a card -- the iPod knows where I live because of GPS -- that comes directly to me.
My inner girl is excited with all of these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragonflies, but to that childhood magic to those ideas that we adopted from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar were always exciting to me.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad.
And really, they illuminate your way in what you rest from the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with as a girl was that a whole galaxy would think of a ball.
So here, every book and every world turns on a ball that I drag into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In every fantasy book there has always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, full and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it's also revealed as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time.
These are the apartments.
We've all heard of the fairies and the nice, but how many people outside of India know their Indian contracts, the spirits?
These poor spreads have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old and old book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
It's about a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up to their PC, haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections, football stones, stones and contains.
For some reason the kids don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual you have to go out and, in a chapter to take a picture of a flower and then label it.
In another chapter you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of pictures that then you can put on the Web.
A kid from London puts a picture of a close and says, "Oh, I saw a stream."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken on.
Within the connections of connection between magic, Earth and technology, there are many possibilities.
In the next book, we used to have an interaction in which you go out with the iPad, and the video goes through and through augmented reality sees a group of encouraged people that appear on the inside plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and show them so you can read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where the forces of nature are engaged with technology and magic and technology is closer to each other.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and joy and child love that we felt through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many health health projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Basker University was to go to a director director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she added a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known -- what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think that this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not everyone, but most of the health projects fail because we stop listening.
This is my Wi-Fi scale. It's a very simple thing.
It has a little bit of the leave and off.
Every morning I left.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I set up the challenge to get to 95 Kirdy people.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when it needs cardiovascular assistance or some urgency of that style but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi scale, and before I go up to my car, people start talking to me, Lucific, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chair and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week being available.
This little bim connected to an iPhone or another idea.
And people will be able to can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they go back to the control and be capital of their own boat, but also can help us care of health care because of the challenges that we face, like the firing of the media attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
It's going to do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but also by crossing.
And one of the things we did I'd like to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
We even have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM cars are in Malaysian.
And also where all the gas is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We ask ourselves, but no one knew.
Nobody knew where to get the DEPA saved lives right now.
What we did was we did crossing in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to say, you see a DNA, please send it, tell you where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open in the office ants and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA is already presented in the Netherlands of the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lakota, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Mahathe and somebody collapse. You can use your iPhone, and you can use the next weeks to use your Microsoft cell to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just like DEC USD, which is the name of the product, but also like AKS."
And we would want to start at the world level.
We're putting all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the creative of DNA around the world.
Every time you're in vacation and somebody collecting, it can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
It could be message services or phone services, for example, to see if the DNA that is shown is still in their place.
Please help us in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photographic?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take their cameras.
My interest by photography was woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15 years.
It mixes with my passion before the drawing but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when you press the pulse.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the Indian time.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pulse.
Photos like this: a building in a very transmitted road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like this -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say realistic I say photos.
Because, of course, it's not something I can capture but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Photos where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to be able to capture an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look real?
Is the details or the colors?
Does the light intervene?
What creates the illusion.
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imaginative objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way they can create something that still seems translation.
But at the same time, we know that it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It really consists of combining different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic -- I think they're those in which we don't even think -- the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But by combining photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images are using these requirements, they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made.
This is another example.
You might think that this is the image of a landscape and the lower part is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
And so I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter, I knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle parts.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are from a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a piece of stone.
And yes, I even made a red house in the top of the island so that it looks more safe.
So to make a realistic result, I think it takes planning to happen.
You always start with a doctor, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the outcome can be very beautiful, and it can be very realistic at all.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it.
It's a diagram anybody who took from a folder.
I don't care so much to show you the details, but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing on the potential of RISD microscopes versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this one, like a lot of others that we tend to see, is kind of a straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude at the performance scale.
Speaking technology with symbolic curves is a novel thing.
Here's something bizarre here.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn out the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves in logarithmic scales.
The answer is that if I would draw them into a normal curve that we say, these are the years or some time unit, and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to argue, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
He doesn't say a lot.
But if I grapped, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a service curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it's a qualitative change.
If transportation technology would move as fast as the microscopes, past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't go forward to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a recorded growth that every few years increases orders of magnitude.
The question I want to plant is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't still follow forever.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve -- I know like this until it runs something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we are in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new form.
So what I try to ask for, and ask is, what is that new way that you adopt the world?
What is the new state of the world?
The transition seems very, very comfortable if we're immersed in it.
I remember as a child the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has taken over, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different to extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we took about 2.5 billion years when Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If we look at the way that those chemicals were organized, we give a sense of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, there had been some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes in its inside.
Some of those oil drops contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate the outside materials and so the drops grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil goods.
But those drops were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them has a random resource of chemicals.
And every time they were divided by an unequal distribution of the chemicals they content.
So every robot was a little different.
In fact, the drops that somehow became better than the time to incorporate the chemical chemicals. They grew up more, they get more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these drops learned the trick.
In some ways we don't really understand these robots learned to store information.
They learned to store information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked on this unprecedented evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were so that they could replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved a billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, each living is expressed by exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun. Now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microbes that I try to hide to the airport security people.
But it has -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this decrease of DNA and amplified it 10 to 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card. I have a lot of all the present persons, in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If I were a England I would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information by forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and they loved them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to be communities that were in a way, and they set up an synergy.
And so they survived or failed together, or it is that if a community was very successful all of the individuals of that community became more and more of them were made by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came up so much that they actually came together, and they decided to write all the community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together like a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicultural community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and became more interesting levels that the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started absorbing information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't make more than process in community information.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize inside the community being the responsible structures of recording and understanding and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not to the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat a certain fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of a given organism because they had built these information processing structures that the evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system would build those information structures enormously the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea, in the head.
I'm sitting here by making a little bit of groups, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in your heads that I have a certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we turn it into sound, in sound sequences and produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work like an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to make abstractions.
Now we go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of records and presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a small step in that direction.
The telephone telephone, the I.T. tape, the cybercrime, the CEOP, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to manage that information.
And that brings us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
You saw the evolutionary example of the one in which he produced some evolution with the communication program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took about hundreds of millions of years.
The next ones, language and so on.
And the next ones, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is represented -- I guess automatic is the right word to name something that accelerated its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we observe in this exploration of the curve.
We see the process represents.
But I made my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms I employed to design them wouldn't be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions of millions.
Instead of that, with the designers of Tibata Machines, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that was previously not allowed to get much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I employ methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates at the scale of the microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random institution of instructions.
We say, "Please computer, you can run 100 million sequences of instructions to chance?
Could you run these sequences of installations at random, to run all those programs, and take those who else approach what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
So let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random institutions of instructions, order numbers, so none of them succeeded.
But one luckily, luckily, could use two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did the task better?
Let's get those and we eliminated the rest.
And now we reproduce the best of the numbers.
And we're going back to play them by following a process of analog revolution to sex.
Let's take two programs, that will deliver children, who exchange surgeons, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of products from the combination of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
It's calculated again.
I introduced some mutations into it.
And it tries again and represent with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers of absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strange programs.
But they add the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the target because they come from a hundred thousand programs that achieve it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
I once went into a 747 with Mary Ministry and he pulled a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of participants working together to offer a safe flight, doesn't make you feel traditional?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole options that you have.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can run these programs much more quickly.
So it is represented.
The thing gets faster and faster, and that's why I think it looks so confused.
Because all these technologies are represented.
We're spreading.
And we're at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multiple.
We are the ladies and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we all are part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before I get rid of it.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that must change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've spent enough time to allow me to get part of my fake position on that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end, it's approaching the World series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about getting out of "creating the rules, talking about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called the battery average.
And we talked about 300 -- a battle that kills 300 percent.
That means that the basketball battery effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the field of play without being cardly, and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base, don't get in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
Do you know how you call a 300 battery in the Big Lines?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know what you call a base battery of 400?
By the way, that is somebody who is 10 blood, just four people.
Legoster, like the Lego Williams, the last player of the Great League of baseball to run more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my medicine world where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have applications and they are distributed to a surgeon that has a record of 400 in applications.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose you live in a place that is away and a wanted to have two open-source arteries and your family doctor sent it to a cardiologist whose record in antibiotic is 200 dollars.
But do you know what?
She's improving this year.
They have been 257.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think that should be the average of a heart surgeon or a prosthetic surgeon or a general observation?
One, very good.
And the truth of the matter is that nobody in the medicine knows the events of a good surgeon or a doctor or a paradox.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I include it, with the management of being perfect.
That never, never, make a mistake and worry of figuring out how to do it well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessional student.
And once a company in high school said that Brian Goldman studied until a blood test.
That's why.
I studied in my little destruction, in the nurses of the General hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned everything of memory.
In my anatomy class, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery coming out of the air, the diagnosing differential and the not heat.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the kidney substance addict.
And as I accumulate more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And you get away from medical school with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because I would get involved from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mrs.
I was a resident in a university hospital here in Toronto, when they brought to Mr. Drake to the emergency service where I was working.
At the time I was assigned to the heart service.
And when I said that I would go to a cardiologist I got to join that patient.
And to report the boss of residents.
When I saw Mrs. Drawing, I was adding.
I heard a remarkable sound.
And when I looked at it, I heard a sound spread on both sides, which gave me a cognitive heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of burning the blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
And I did it and I started working on the treatment I would give him.
I gave him an apple and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave him dangers, planets of water, so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she began to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I made the first mistake -- he sent her home.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone, and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and put it with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to bring complicated information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss without even contact my boss without even touching my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I sent it to your house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside that said, "Golden, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I was asking the nurse to take on the Shark Drama, "Do you think it's okay if you go home.
And the nurse thought, and then he said, "Yes, I think I'll be OK."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high, and the ambulance came along with the manufacturers taken her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I was shocked to leave the hospital and I walked into the parking parking where my car was to go home. At that time, I did something I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service of the road.
And there another nurse, not the one who was taking care of the Drama Drawing before, but another one, he told me three words, those three words that most emergency medical medical medical doctors are.
Other specialists are afraid of it, but there's a particular part of the emergency, and it's that we see patients.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
Do you remember the patient that sent your house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she comes back, with the same tone of voice.
She was fine.
But back and on the edge of death.
When I had an hour to have come to his house, after I gave her high school, he suffered a collapse and her family called 911 -- the drugs brought it to emergency with an blood pressure of 50 miles from Hika, which means a severe shock.
It was barely breathing and was blue.
The emergency staff took all their resources.
They gave me medication to raise the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial response.
I was cooling and sacrificed to the cord.
I had a mixture of feelings because then the stabilize was in intensive therapy and expected all the hope to recover.
And in the two or three next two days it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had a terrible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they came to what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let it go. Mrs. Drawing, wife and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I got caught by it, and I first experienced the shame of shame that exists in our medical culture and felt just an analysis, and I felt just that shame stress because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the patients and never commit that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame I'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And I felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I was holding things up and made sure that they didn't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss, why did I send it to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so much?
Why did I choose medicine?
A little bit about that feeling was distributed.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky was opened and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I was reducing the efforts to be perfect to not make more errors, you would have to take those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back again.
Two years later, I was helped in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I received a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat of it.
I was very busy and appropriately.
He pointed out here.
He looked at his throat -- was a little bit colored.
I was presented by penicillin and sent it to his house.
But as he goes down to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my cheating change, my boss asked me to talk to me closely in his office.
And I started the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the arrogance?
And he came back and I didn't have a specifically specifically fantastic.
I had a potentially deadly approach called the criminals.
You can look for Google -- it's an infection, not the throat, but from the upper airline -- and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He did not have it fast.
You get antibiotics for it and it will recover in the few days.
And I went through the same period of shame and repertors, then he took me and went back to work, until it happened again and again, and again.
Two times in the same course of emergency -- not diagnosed applies.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation in it.
They order a radio radio regime, but it turned out normal -- a colleague that was checking the patient perceived certain sensitivity on the right bottom and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
He ordered liquid to reflect and asked my colleague to check it.
I checked it up, and I noticed a certain sensitivity on the lower right-hand square, called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and recorded well.
But every single case I was attracted by each case, I was shocked.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a why.
The most significant ones have been over the last five years.
Just embarrassed and no support.
And here's the problem: If I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them that they don't make the same errors?
If I went into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When did the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but not listening to someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a transformation in my hospital was the wrong leg, believe that I would have difficulty looking at it to the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that -- those who can't sleep and the ones who are -- those who have a lot of results and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we approach medicine to people who make mistakes, we will be a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of difficulty distribution and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical prize and medical errors to learn the possible, from the first article I wrote for the Star Tora to my program, White Coach, Black Art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are obsessionally.
We work in a system where mistakes are happening every day, where one in every 10 drugs prescribed in the hospital are wrong, or discovery is not right -- in a system where the inflationary infections are increasingly more and more numerous to cause chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 singers die by illegal medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 thousand.
In both cases, it is about cheap answers, because we're not designing the problem as we should.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiply every two or three years, and we don't update ourselves.
And sleep deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, and it comes crazy with closed eyes and all the way to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story is about contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't relate to their symptoms always in the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as they taught us, and we eliminated all the professional professionals to error, well, not to stay anywhere.
And with respect that people don't want to talk about their own big cases.
In my problem: "Delay white, black art, already a habit saying, "This is my worst mistake. I would say to everybody, from the dates to the heart surgery feet, "This is my worst mistake, blah blah blah blah blah blah.
And their students would stop, they would come down, go down the head and they would go out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, don't compromise the same error."
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a reduced medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The reducing doctor is human, you know, human, you accept it, and it doesn't fall away from their mistakes, but it is kind of effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but a loving way and support for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings lead the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes every time.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm a reduced doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
And I feel it a lot, but I have to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what to think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently I made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to choose a average American -- it's about 70 a day.
Not a lot, in a research they followed for a week to a group of presidents of businesses.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that are developed by these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that on average, they got 130 jobs per week.
Naturally, every work included a lot of ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to the nine minutes category and how many of the one of an hour.
How does it clarify the way that they handle those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems in the current, choose to the overload of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm a blind, you raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
In another way, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please give a palm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the operating options?
Thank you.
Being graduate student from the University of Stanford, I offered this very, very high supermarket, at least at least at the time it was very sophisticated.
It's called Dramasius.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different classes of mustard and vigilant, over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the bad water -- and this was when we were taking water from the free.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion, I wondered, why never buy anything?
This is the story of olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were on a sealed box that came from military trees.
So once I decided to visit the manager and I asked him, "Did this strategy get all these options?
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the missions.
Password.
They had 345 different classes.
We installed a place to say, right at the entrance of the store.
We put out there with six flavors of six, or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First, what do people have been willing to stop to test the mirror?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a market tall.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy migraine.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent of them bought a mirror.
If we do the math, people had six times more likely to buy a military if they found six, than if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy a mirror we probably become, and that is good to consider the line, but it turns out that the problem of the supply of choices affects us in tremendous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't convince us.
Now the issue of the day, financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Bruno Hubble, Email Kaming and Weird Jane, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 600 plans of this country.
We were interested in looking at whether the number of funds available in terms of religion savings for retirement.
And we found that there was actually a correlation of it.
We had 65 plans that were going from two to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of posed funds, there was less participation.
So if you look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds -- the rate of participation was 70 or more, not as high as it would be.
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds, the rate of participation went down to the 60s.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the bigger that the number of options, the more people were imprisoned by avoiding the actions or the investment funds.
As much as I would have more options, they were more willing to invest in financial construction accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, which is where this goes against the interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions and finance and health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfying -- even though it's obviously going to be better.
The main reason is that we get to look at that giant variety of mass, mustard -- motor and migration, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and control and choose from that amazing exhibition.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we have trials, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can rehearse their business.
The first is: Currency.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which less is more.
People are always annoyed when I say, "Currency."
They care about losing space in the aircraft.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, get rid of strange redundant choices, there will be an increase in sales. You will go down the costs, there will be better experience in choice.
When I Prosphone & Gamble went from 26 different types of Herb, and Shadives at 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Golden Cat was eliminating the products for cats of cats that less were sold -- they increased the users in 87 percent, by two causes -- greater sales and lower costs.
You know that today's supermarkets, in average, offer 45,000 products.
In a Wal-Mart store. About 100,000 products.
But the ninth is the largest store in the current world is Alpha and offers only 1,200 products -- one kind of tomato sauce sauce sale.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged on how to handle the choices is David Lakotas, the Harvard program.
All of the employees of Harvard are automatically conducted to a sense of insurance of life.
Those who really want to pick up, give you 20 fund, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say, "I don't know how to cut down.
They're all important choices.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, tell me the differences that are among those options.
And if your employees can't different, you can't do it your clients."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garden.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience with a vaccine with all paid the world's most beautiful road.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take the supply of Garden.
[unclear] -- well anyone who's ready to accept the supply.
They are not more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I actually got to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, but I can go ahead and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the choice of choices, which is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and the consequences have to feel very visually, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when it uses debit cards or credit cards than when you use debris care?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shell Benjamin and Alexander Princelling, especially of Indian funding staff who worked in English, these people were in a meeting where they were being afforded by a 404 plan.
That meeting, that we were aware of exactly how we used it, we did a little addict.
What we added was that we requested the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute there was an increase in 20 percent of the 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account.
The third technique is Clariety.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine pass.
We saw that in the Web supermarket along the Korean corridor, the magazine exhibition can contain from 33 different guys to 66.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called "Japanese and the other, "Saudi.
If you think the one on the left is Swiss, and the one on the right is Japan, give a palm.
(Some classifications? Well, there are some of them.
If you think the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Swiss, you give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Swiss. But you know what?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
The categories must indicate something to whom they choose -- not what defines them.
You often see this problem with those huge background lists.
Anyone who is informed?
My fourth category, connecting complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision, the purchase of a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allow you to control it.
You have to take 60 decisions, to raise the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
colors, outside the car. I have 56 possibilities.
engine, card of change, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which the decisions appear.
So half of the clients are going to go from a lot of options, 56 colors, at a few years, four boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look?
How involved you are.
If you reach the button by the defect in every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed -- or it's -- we're losing them.
We find that the ones that go from many options to a few choices -- the button of the button over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was alter the order that information is presented in.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn how to choose.
Although choosing the change box doesn't say anything about the preferences of internal decoration.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the choice: Currier, eliminate strange alternatives -- concentration, make it real. Solicism, we can handle more categories with less options -- connecting complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented them were designed to help manage the alternatives or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who are serve.
It is that I think the key to getting the best of an choice is being careful about picking up.
And the more careful we are in our choices, the more we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter typewriter I had to register it to the government.
I had to register a sheet of text written with the machine.
And this so that government could track the origin of text.
If you found a writing with the wrong message you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think someone could do this, how much it would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having some printed yellow dots on every page that makes a pattern that makes them their own and your printer.
That is happening today.
And nobody seems to be running a lot about this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what happens in the world online, we can guarantee the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are cyberspaces.
like Mr. Dimitrie Golden from the city of King, in Ukraine.
The cybercriminal cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use cyber cybercriminals to earn a lot of money, including a lot of money.
There are really many cases of millions online, multimatics, who won money with their attacks.
This is Virtual Standard, from Taria, Estonia State.
This is Alfred God.
This is Stephen Wathove.
This is Berlin Sunday.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tanzania, Alberto Alternations, etc., etc.
These guys make their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media through banking translators to steal money from our account when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this guy, Sam Jame, and this account had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Japan are slowing down, and he knew his paradigm.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are a victim of a crime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from bad in worse.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions and they motivate laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have collected in the last 12 months by taking a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states that they attack.
And then we see cases like Digitator.
That's a good example of government attacks against their own citizens.
Digital is a certificate authority of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
I declared the last fall, the last fall.
They ran the safety of the site and they lost a cyber cybercrime.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to Digitator.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how does people die because of an attack of this?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certified.
What do the ceremonial celebrations?
Well, they need if you have a website with the toys, SARS encrypted services, services like Gambia.
Except that they intercept a foreign certified authority.
You have to get certified applications to them.
And in the case of Dignety happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the scope of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers was this captured cardiac card.
And within that folder there were notes of a silk company in Germany that had sold the tools of the tools of the tools to intercept large-scale communications communications in the country.
They had sold this tool by 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company silk is right here.
So the Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But the Western governments are also done by themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple weeks ago, the Trice Scottish was found, a translator used by German government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection is interested.
They will use even tools like the Scotting Trekfle to infect our computer with a transport to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to the online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like these obvious response should be, "Well, it looks bad, but it doesn't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry about that?
I have nothing to hide."
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
Privacy is not discussing.
It's not a question of the privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could rely in our governments today in 2011, any right now we get in today, will be forever.
Are we going to trust any future government, in an administration that we could have in 50 years?
These are the questions that you have to worry about in the next 50 years.
Here's where I live. I live in Kenya, in the south part of National Park.
These are the cows of my dad at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
Nairobi National Park has no close to the most part, which means wild animals like cells migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like the lions. They follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we woke up in the morning, and we found it dead -- I felt very bad because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the mass, we think we come from the sky with our animals and all the land to engage them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hate a lot of lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and the livestock and they're also upset with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
So I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, at the age of six at nine years old, is responsible for his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid of fear.
But I realized that actually this doesn't service, because it even helped the lions look at the basic back.
I didn't laugh. I kept going.
A second idea was to use a space.
I tried to trick the lions so they thought it was near the state.
But the lions are very clever.   They came the first day and they saw the spirit, and they were, but the second day, they came back and said, "This thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the shelf with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that's moving.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which I would learn and turn out the lights.
And this is a little light lamp lamp.
He arms everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little Indian box. I call it a transformation.
And the indication box makes lights destroy.
As you can see, the light bulbs go outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come at night.
The lights delus and put the lions to think that I'm walking through the state, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals the lions and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've been installed by seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by all over Kenya, to scare other predators like heads, legislation, and it's also being used to spread elephants from farmers.
Because of this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Bronx International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funding and consciousness.
I even led my friends to my community and install lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid in the streets of my sandwich holding my father's cows on my father's cows and used to watch airplanes flying and told me that someday would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to become engineer of aviation and pilot.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving my dad of my dad and the lions. We can be with the lions without any conflict.
Asham cloud. What in my tongue means thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship. Richard Turkey, yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RS: My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence -- CA: One electric close?
RG: I know that the electric fence was already invented, but I want to make my own.
CA: You just try it once, right? RM: I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a called a called --  CA: On the foot of the canoe. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage in every step that you are, friend mine.
Thank you very much. RT: Thank you very much.
When I was a little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No start nothing."
And I felt very proud of it.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim English, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are enemies.
I sometimes wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor and myself had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister of my sister.
He said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're recorded together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak that we're prepared to die."
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
When I was walking in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead in the street, holding a child in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
A huge hunger ship to North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, more than a million North Koreans died during famine and only a few survived eating the past, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts -- all around me was completely at dark at night except by sea lights in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Rome River, which serves the limits between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very angry in certain points, allowing North Koreans to cross secret.
But many die.
Sometimes I see bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how North Korea, but I can only say that over the years of hunger I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I only thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how life would be like Northern Refriends.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed and being replaced to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being Northern, then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to blow up.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interface one official told another, "This was a fake report. She's not Northern.
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some North China are looking for asylum.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and depressing.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans were not so lucky.
Every year, normal Norden are captured in China and dedicated to North Korea, where they're tortured or incarcerated or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape -- many other North Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identity and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of his world can be used in a second.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to risk myself going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
To go in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South America.
We are all Koreans, but in the inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of divide.
They even go through a crisis of identity.
Am I surgery or Northern?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call a proud of mine.
Although adapting to life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the investment test.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I received a strange call.
North Korean authorities got a little bit of money that sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be shifted to the force to a location on the outside.
They had to immediately run away.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow, for over 3,000 miles across China and then through the Southeast Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and we almost stuck several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and added by a Chinese police officer.
He asked everybody's identified and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I immediately stood up and told him that they were flying people who were coming in.
I looked at myself, but fortunately he believed me.
We did the whole way to the Laden border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lades.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned to cross the border.
After paying marines and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But at the time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in Lakota capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close, but my family was represented in prison at the distance of the South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or markers.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man to ask me, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a stranger would be able to ask him.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubled, the man went to the automatic carbon and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other North Koreans, and to get them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why does it help me?
"I'm not helping you."
"I'm helping North North America."
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The mountain unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the hope ray that the North people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving its freedom is only half of the battle.
Many Koreans are separated from their families and when they go to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practice of English language, labor practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I have received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help North giving Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Koreans going around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Center.
This is South Center: local lines, fast food, balloon ground.
So the city planners were gathered and thought, we're going to change the name of South Center, so that it represents something else, so they changed the South Angeles, as if this would fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles.  Teams of local, fast food, balloon streams.
Just like 265 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Angeles Center, the home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to carry more people than food in the car.
People are dying from cure diseases in Los Angeles Center Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hillis who's like 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing that this happens.
And I wondered, how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you come out of home you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see companies of bought wheelchair and sold as cars used.
I see dinosaurs of dialogue players like Starbummers.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also had to drive 45 minutes away and go back to buy an apple that doesn't have passengers.
What I did, I was planting a food forest in front of my house.
One land of land we call a warming.
It's 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Greeks, we put together and we started planting our food forest -- fruit trees, you know, nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a part of a group that is paid by the advances of all the processing of all the cities, all of the city and completely voluntary and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained to it.
The city came to me on top of it, and in short, they gave me a catalog saying that I had to remove my garden.
And I said, "Come on, right?
A court order to plant food on a piece of land that no one is important?  So I was like, "Well, let's get it."
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Loss, and I talked to the contact and one of the members of Green Grounds, who put a request in Channel, with 900 signations, we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My concentrate was even called to say they were back and they would love what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more balloon threats.
It's 18 miles of balloon ground.
That equals 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 725 million tomato plants.
Why do you not think about this?
To grow a plant to give a few thousand seeds.
When a dollar of spirits will give you 75 dollars of result.
It's my minister, when I tell people, cultivate your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Center.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I became part of this manufacturing reality that was driven to me by others, and I'm going to manufacturing my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graphic, I cultivate my art.
Just like an artist of graffiti who is removed walls, I believe soils, allies.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas and plants and trees, are my understanding of that canvas.
You will be surprised to see what the land can do. If they let it be your canvas.
They simply can't imagine how amazing it is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of land.
We are the land.
You will be surprised to see how they affect kids.
The gardening is the most therapeutic and convenient act that you can do, especially in a tree.
Also, they get services.
I remember one occasion, which came a mother and his daughter, were like 103 o'clock at night and they were in my garden, and they looked very terribly.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hungry, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Hey, don't you fear people are going to steal your food?
I say, "Oh God, I don't have fear of being really going to retreat it."
That's why it's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at his time, I want you to take your health back."
There was another time where I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
There were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was sharing their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with her mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Greeks has come to plant maybe 20 jarings.
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow color, kids would eat cloth.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomato --  But if none of this is taught if you don't teach them how food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind what they put them in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing where they're stuck. I see color kids that are on this way designed for them, which doesn't take them nowhere.
With the alarm, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are commissioned from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carrot is produced.
But if we don't change the composition of the Earth, we'll never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same picture.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy care.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because the free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to get people to work, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor to grow their own food, opening market markets.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want everyone to become evolutionary records, graphs, gas cards.
We need to change the script of what a graphic is.
If you're not a variation, you're not a graph.
That the graphs take their whole room again?
That is your choice weapon.
In smoke, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, they don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit, to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with your tail so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music sounds)  (Audience noises)  You probably will all agree with me where this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it comes a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that I aspire to.
And especially if you go mountained in your bike and these cars, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make perfect asphalt.
The polar asphalt -- a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, and it has pairs and water can pass through it, so the rain water will flow down to the sides and have a road that is easy to drive, and not save water again.
Noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very high, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has a disaster, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it going? You see that in this road the surface stones come out.
First one stone, then a number of more and more and more, and then I won't do that.  But they can hurt her parachute, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Oh, he's ready.
Backs, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can really see how the damage comes in this material.
It's a porous, like I said, so it only has a little amount of adaptation between the stones between the stones.
Because of the intervention, the ultraviolet light, to the option, this adapt, this book, the glue between the rituals, will choose, and if you put it, you will be made microbes and separated from additions.
So if you drive through the road, you will get the lawyers -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of automobile materials.
If we can make this material automatically, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean services, and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the baby.
So we have a little bit of asphalt with small pieces of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a driver machine.
India can heat out, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the baby, the Ben will flow through these microbes and the stones will look back to the surface.
I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big information machine here on the stage.
Microsoft horror is a similar system.
I put the show, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
And we tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We have to try it.
So they donated us a piece of roads, 400 meters from the AIDS highway, where we had to do a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the road test, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We did aging the samples, we put a lot of payload on them, and we would repair them with our information machine, and we repair them and we would try them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we have made a material using steel fibers by incorporating these fibers, using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the road surface, even you can double the life of the road, really save the life of the surface.
And now, of course, they have curiosity.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to face first before I can show you how it acts to repair it.
But I'm going to make a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember being woken up one morning with the sound of the wind in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news generally depressed.
"The Taliban were going on? I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school reality?
One morning I will never forget.
True school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came out of Afghanistan and made illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I saw myself as a kid to escort my older sister who could no longer be used to go outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we had a different route so nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in the market so that it looks like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us lying in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew we risk our lives -- the teacher, the students and our parents.
Once in the while, the school would suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew from us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were attracted, but yet, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for her time.
A total commission of a remote province of Afghanistan. I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father got it.
But my educated mother became teacher.
This is it.
It will retire two years ago, just to convert our house in school for girls and women from our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of his family to get education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban despite the risks.
For him, there was a bigger risk not to educate his children.
Over the years of the Taliban I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated for our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to reconstruct, but my father said, "Oh, my daughter me, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want to continue?
Today I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of my age women have more than the backyard, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud to graduate in Franklin College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, which was existed from her home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first to congratulate his daughters out.
He wasn't just called my college title, but also that I was the first woman, and I am the first woman, I get it driving through the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global worker in 1915, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why CEO collapse, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is, I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, like mine, advocate for them, despite and even in front of a devastating opposition.
Like America. It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but American is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went on the way from SARPT to his village, and literally they escaped to be killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get to his house, they are the phone, a voice would warn him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try it.
"Make me already, if you like, "But I won't hurt the future of my daughter for his old and released ideas.
What I've noticed about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling interests of the bright future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. The girls who went to school are considered in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear that these changes don't last long after the U.S. troops record.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, they encourage them, I see a promise future and a lasting change.
And for me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities, and each day the SIL girls remember me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the existence, "Him, resistant to Galaie. fight him.
But you never become a restaurant student being a Gatesh revolution.
They've spent almost two years since the light revolution is inspired by the waves of mass movements as much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with a lot of other light citizens, inside and outside the country to call a day of rage and start a revolution against the tangible regime of Gadden.
And we did it. It was a big revolution.
Women and young books were in the vanger, demanding the fall of the regime, carrying freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They have shown a value to be facing the decrease of Galapagori digital.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Middle East, to the west to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and a few losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the terror.
However, Gaddafi left a burden of charge, a legacy of tyranny and corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the Tanzanian regime of Gaddie destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of free society.
conscious of devastation and challenges, I've loved it, along with a lot of other women, rebuild the free civil society, demanding an inclusive transition.
It was established about 200 organizations in Benjamin for and immediately after the fall of Gadden. About 300 in Tribe.
After a 33 years of exclusion, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm I began to organize workshops about developing skills, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the platform of Women Libya by Peace -- a movement of women, leaders -- very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of women and for our right participation right in building democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the perfect period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized -- which is moved from the selfish policies of dominance and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 75 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, gradually enough, the substance of choices and revolution as a whole, were disappearing. Every day, we found news news news.
One day we wake up with the news of the profit of ancient mosques and Sufi guys.
Another day I looked at the news of the murder of the American ambassador and the construction attack.
And another day we wake up with the news of the army of the army of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continued values of human rights and their lack of respect from law.
Our society, which is formed by a revolutionary mindset, put it longer, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
International, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of revolution.
I'm not here today at all to inspire you with our story of the success of the celebrate list and the election.
More well, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we choose evil, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
The cerebral list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national recovery?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society remained pollinated and dominated with selfish policies of dominant and exclusion, so much for men like women?
Maybe what happened was not just women, but the female values of compassion and mercy and inclusion and inclusion ...
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the elections, which just reinforce polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of females more than to need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as anger agents and calling days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and microscope.
We need to develop a female speech, which not only honor but also put the microscope into the microscope instead of the revenge.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately to reach peace.
Because peace has an algorithm that is about interaction and alternative between female perspectives and male.
That's the real ceremonia.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social form.
According to a very slow review of the Koran "The Maria -- "The Mayama God," "Grand Google?
At the same time, the word "called "The "Facebook World, which is known in all of the abstract traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word "atmosphere," simulating the feminine and material, which comes to all the humanity that men and women, that all tribes and all the peoples have been loved.
And so, just like the uterus completely covers the embryo that grows inside, the divine matrix of the natural compassion all existence.
This is what we can say to us, "My mercy.
This is what we are told, "My mission prevents on my war."
That you all care about the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an infinite question, which has an equally infected answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to deal with is the one that they all do always -- why is she left?
Why was anyone going to stay with a man who passed him on?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I was just pleased at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and editor in the Selard magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green card American Expert, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, he pointed to the head with a pill, loaded with high-resolution bullets.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "company love, a psychological trap, distributed love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be their story.
I don't seem a typical supernova of domestic violence.
I'm launched in English at Harvard University, and I have an MBA on Martin Business Scottling.
I've spent most of my career working for the list of "Foreign 500,000 list, between the Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burner and The Washington Post.
I took almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black lab and led a minimal Howard Minister.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all religions, all levels of front and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the markets are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and independent and long-term relationships or saying otherwise, in the families, the last place where we want or expect violence to find violence, reasons why domestic abuse is so distant.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who stood with it, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women in between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls from that age are killed every year for couples and notes and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, his warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold, rainy night of January.
I was sitting on my side in New York City and started screaming with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also going to just license from a university from Mr. Levin and I worked on a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed a little boy of the field.
I had some big mountains like apples and a book robotic hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it about all the beginning to put in a peripheral.
We started coming out and I loved everything from me, which was a list that had gone to Harvard, which was passion to help teenage girls, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And it was why the license in that prestigious school and the work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any distance of domestic violence is to stop and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was I'm going to go from New York and let the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my job, I quit my work and Congo and I were together in Manhattan together.
I had no idea that I was falling in a love love," which was entering the head on a physical trap. financial and psychological property carefully.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce violence threat to see how she reacts it.
And this is where they enter those stations.
And as soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where Congo was supposed to feel so safe it bought three pictures.
One had in the coast of the car.
Another one was tucked under the pillow in our bed, and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those pictures because of the trauma that lived in a small way.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those stations were actually a message for me, and although I had never raised my hand, my life was already in danger, every minute every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 mouths of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's wedding suit and married me with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we lived happily forever, because I loved it, and he loved me so much.
And I was very, very advanced.
It just had felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact to form a family with me.
It had been an isolated accident, and I would never get hurt.
I spent twice more in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I played several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he ran through the traffic and threw me a Big Mac cold to the face.
Congo kept asking me one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or advanced at some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease Control reported that every year 15 million children are marked, 15 million.
So I actually had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I go?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply trained man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo face their devils to face.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just marry?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
This is the most sad and painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a marketing.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder of domestic violence happens after the victim has been able to end up the relationship, after they go, because then the abuse has no longer to lose.
Other implications include the permanent account, even after the abuse has gone back to married, defender financial resources, and manipulation of the family judicial system to serve victim and their children, who are normally forced by judges to spend no supernova with man who paid their mother.
And we still keep asking why do you simply don't go?
I was able to go, because of one last spinning spine that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody the world -- the police, my neighbors and my friends and family -- completely unknown, and I'm here today because everyone helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotypes the victims as spectacular headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people that are a way to say, "The blame is your for "start," as if the victims will actually choose to be in love with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Life Love," I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also accumulated, who learned an unstable lesson of what happened to them and they recorded their lives and happy lives as employees, wife and mothers, completely free violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a survival of very typical domestic violence.
I went back to marry a tender and a girl and we have those three children.
I have that black jaw and also that ministry.
What I'm not going to have ever more, ever, is a cheap pill pointing to my head in someone who says he wants me.
Right now, they are thinking, "Oh, that's fascinating? Or "Half, what silly was, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people listening to me right now, which are being made or still a little bit of little or that are abstract themselves.
The market could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy love love by breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
Absolutely proposed just in silence.
They have the power to end domestic violence just throwing light on it.
We have the victims we need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the blood to light talking about it with their children, their coworkers and their friends and family.
They rethink your vision of survival as fantastic people and lovely people, who have a full future.
They recognize the earliest signs of violence to intervene consciously to slow up their climbing and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and patients that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call me Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm model.
To be precise, since 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this moment there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because it shouldn't be dressed like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change me.
This is the first shift change on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to preserve it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when it came out, they don't have to pick it right now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These patients are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through the head, because it's when they're going to laugh at me, so you don't do anything as I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
Apple is powerful, but also surface.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a novel in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that he would grab the back, and he would take the hair of the child.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial broken like the one that I did two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, even though superficial and inevitable, has a huge impact on our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people have always done me, but in a sense.
The first question is, how does it be model?
And I always say, a catalog discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I became model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of an inheritance. And maybe you're wondering what this inheritance.
Well, in the last few centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which are biologically programmed to admire -- we've also associated it to a high and speed shape, to feminist and a white skin.
And that's my inheritance. I have a heritage that I've known to get money to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who now are specifically, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that they say, "Hey, there are Namibia, Tiran, Joan Smiles, Louis Wen.
First of all, the happy to know so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York City told each and each of the models in the runway, and of the 777 offended models, only 27 percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always do is -- can it be model when it's more?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't love that.
But then, what I would really tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a cartoon closed surgeon and poet, which would be awesome.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist -- no, no, Cameron -- I want to be model, then I tell you, I know my mouth.
Because I am not in charge of nothing, and you could be the deception chief of the American Victorian magazine or the HIV executive director or the next Steven Message.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you are larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work that you can choose.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike heart surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've got your studies, and you have a command and a few jobs to your back, no matter what you say, you know, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your community would say, model clothes for 10 years, people would look very weird.
The next question that people always do is if all the pictures are recorded.
And yes, virtually you get all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a biocography, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
I look at my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a pile of piles a few days before the photos for the French Voice.
Here I am with my football team and in the magazine video.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They are creations of a group of professionals, filled them, magicians, photographers and stations, and all their helps and people and post-conflict people, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get free things?
I have too many talents from 20 inches and I never use the pair before, but the privilege I get are the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free free.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a purpose driver -- he jumped a red system -- and of course, they stood down, and I just got a feel -- agent to keep driving on.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their own no matter who they are.
I live in New York City, and last year, from the 140 teenagers that they were stood and recorded, 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177,000 black and Latino people in New York, so for them, isn't it a question of me?
But how many times I would stop in? And what?
When I was researching for this talk, I learned that at 53 percent of the 13 years in the United States you don't like their body, and that number goes up to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people do is: How is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit more thin, you have the most brilliant hair, you feel very happy and stupid.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, resourceful, passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about myself every day.
And if you ever wonder, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier.
They just have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the clothes more to fashion -- but probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there is something to get from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in perception we have of success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was most enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures, and I wasn't me who pulled them.
There were no artistic directors, no statistically, and no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them put them out tracks at random.
My story begins when I found myself in New York City to give a point, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday. That's the 57th and five corner.
He gave the ability that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When I was approaching the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you get Saturday to New York in a paradigm trip and you keep the rituals rid?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to get us the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, no one has fled with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became something sacred to us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day as a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations from a particular moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, and not just physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reaches new stories, and I can see life through his eyes and how it feels and interacting with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips we were walking on, when suddenly it was stopped in dry and pointed out a red plate of the wrist store that was looking at small visits in previous visit.
And he described what had felt like five years in that same place.
I started to remember her heart beating in force by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in conscious creation of memories.
I don't know about you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't have a lot of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who took the picture.
So today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and they don't run to somebody and ask them, "Did you get a picture to us?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The buses are in the most threatened birds.
First of all, why do you have so bad press?
It's also been associated with Disney laughter personalized characters, silly characters, stupid stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press laughter and applause and actions, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament -- but I don't accept it.
I don't know. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment.  The parallels don't help prevent disease spreading disease.
They are all monitor.   They're far from extinction.  And my favorite, the burrowers have better presence --   There are two kinds of bubbles on this planet.
There are the New World Buildings who are primarily in America, like the centrality and the careers, and the bureaucracy of the Old World where we have 16 species -- of these 16, 11 facing a high risk of extinction.
So why are the bus important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services.
These are our natural garbage colleagues.
They cleaned up the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria -- they help absorb the transport that of not being extended and causing large loss of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no boats, the carcasses take three to four times longer to break down, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The bus also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the old Egyptian culture.
New York was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and, along with the copper signed, the unit between the high and the United Egypt.
In the ministry Hindu microbes, Jack was the god burner, and he risked his life to save the god of 10 head heads.
In the Tibetan culture, a few very important end ends up to open sky -- in places like Tibet, there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these buttons provide a natural elimination system.
What's the problem with the flu?
We have eight set species in Kenya, which six are in extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and fauna, the particular communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the bonds are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bus are in the critical list of extinction -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years old, and the reason is because they fall from the consumption of livestock that has been treated with an analog drug like Dick.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a position for it.
Because there are no buses, there has been a spread on the number of hole dogs in a lot of careers, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge radio bomb for rage -- the number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa, 335 services are going to be up from the Turkish lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them through half.
It's birthday translators.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead blocks to serve the brown and the feedback market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting them transportation.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focus on a problem literally isn't going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the buses, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide.
How can you help? It can become active -- to make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we need to focus on these very uncomfortable creatures. It will donate their time to spread the word.
When you go out of this room, you will report on the burrowes, but talk to their families, with your children, with their neighbors on the bus with their neighbors.
They are very elegant. Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them flying without effort, no energy spending in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1970 to 1977, I light young man, but I am not --  I worked in Zambia. Kenya, Cote from Maryland, Algeria, and Somalia, in terms of technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project we set up in Africa failure.
And I was paralyzed.
I thought, at the age of 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we played we are all attacked.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "The Zambork of Zambia, was a project where some Italians decided to teach people in Zambia.
So we came up with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends to the Zambo River, and we teach local people to grow Italian tomatoes and calculators, and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't go off.  We were amazed that the local people, in so fragile valley, had not had agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that we don't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we're here."  Just time to save the people of the mammal of the member."
And of course, everything in Africa grew beautiful.
We got these magnificent tomatoes -- in Italy, a tomato will grow to this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the champions, "Look, what easy is agriculture."
When the tomatoes were beautiful, map and red, at night in the morning, about 200 hypotheses appeared from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the champions, "Oh my God, we have them healthy."
And the chambers said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why didn't you tell it, "You never asked you."
I thought we only did the Italians we made errors in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothesis.
You should see the waste --  -- they should see the waste that we give the people who are the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Addi Dead of Dynamic Moschen, email economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We countries, Western donor countries, we've trained the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has changed.
Just read your book.
Put it from a African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are improvisation, colors collective, and we treat people just two ways, or we pathetic them, or we are paradigm.
The two words come from the Latin Pattern Area, which means father."
However, they mean two different things.
Patterns, I treat any different culture as if you were my kids, "I want a lot.
Pattern, I treat all of them in a different culture as if you were my services.
So the white ones in Africa are called "baby," friend.
That book gave me a slap in the face -- "The small is beautiful, written by Schwislow, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be help, let them go.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is responsibility.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that isn't nectaring?
I decided at 27 years to just respond to people, and I invented a system called Familiar Company where you never start anything, you never motivate anyone, but it becomes a service of local passion, the signature of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's quiet.
You never get to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the wild.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a cafe. We put together in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is you going to do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not we, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why don't we hear them, but not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never attack, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they've identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't join their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face in face, you have to create social infrastructure which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family of the company, the family of the business of the business, who set up with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and it helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in Expectancy, Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this condition barrier that we came to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can it do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I stand up and listened to you."  So the government says, "Hello again:  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 business.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drawin, one of the greatest business assaults in history, passed up at 96, a few years ago.
Peter Drawk was a philosophy professor before I got involved in business, and this is what Peter Drawing, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative economy economy.
planning is the kiss of the death of the corporate spirit.
So now you will rebuild Christian without knowing what the most attitude people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come to conversation with you.
You have to offer confidence, privacy, it has to be fantastic to help you, and then they will go to the mass of it.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community from 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What are you presenting more this morning, right?
As passionate local people. That's what you have applaud.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- fossil fossil revolution -- not renewable fossil revolution -- we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The face as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we have to consider, is how we nurture, cure, education, transportation, we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution -- the universities -- forget it.
Government? Forget it.
They're going to be entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a lovely story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 1980s.
And in 1860, this group of people gathered up, and they speculate what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was an entire -- the city of New York existed within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve, and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring the population in New York to the areas, would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to deal with.
They were already staring in stranger.  So in 1860, they were splitting this dirty technology that would open New York City.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States came up with 100 autonomous manufacturing companies, 1002.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few, shells, factories in passionate places.
Berrier, Michigan. Henry Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer them.
In other ways, you will not come to conversation with you.
Then you have to offer an absolute and dedicated service, excited service.
And, in fact, you will have to tell you the truth about to understand.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to tell a fantastic marketing and you have to tell a fantastic financial management.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for the money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 companies in the Carnegie world, Westerhard, Edison -- all the new companies, Google, Hawk.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one was started by one person.
The word "Will ever be, but the word "We do, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from a small business of small businesses sitting in coffee together, in bars alongside their dedicated dedicated who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who speaks about this epiphany, someone who would ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that, "I want you to look for someone?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those of us who surround us can help us in many ways improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't have a lot of knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces.
Over the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like humidics, plants and chalk.
These projects come from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door at a bad moment?
How do you share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share our hopes to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots who give shadows to lovers and drones and souls from doing centuries and trust in a city.
There is a descend in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest amount of abandoned properties.
I live near this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan as a mother for me.
Her death was repeated and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this gave me a profound gratitude for living and living.
I gave it clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I laugh for keeping this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch the day and to forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house in a giant board and painted on her phrases to complete, "Before I die.
So the trains could take a chalk. reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was replicated and kept covering up.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"Before I die, I want to be judged by pirate?  Before I die I want to sit in the line of date change line.
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people."
"Before I die I want to plant a tree."
"Before I die I want to live outside the network."
"Before I die I want to hug it once again.
"Before I die I want to go to somebody's rescue."
"Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hope of people made me laugh to cards, and they destroyed me, and they gave me a hard time.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and scared ways. It's about giving up the reflection and the computing, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues of the civic center we made a kit and now have been done in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we show the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distribution in the increase, it's more important than ever ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is very cool and dense.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about death clarify our life.
Our shared spaces can be reflected better than we care about individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, the people who surrounds us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
River is 22 years old, it's high and very graph.
It doesn't talk about, but you transmit joy better than some of the best speakers.
River knows what love is.
It's increasingly sharing what happens.
It's not a season. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: never lied.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even help me, it reminds me one thing: the little thing we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that should be unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's very cool.
It makes the memory more implicated.
However, it's a selective memory.
I didn't remember if I was my chocolate, but I remember the year that every single song came out of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I hit my arm in my arm during the first episode of the Texas and the Luddie Gay birthday birthday and the Luddie Gay.
Don't seem amazing?
But most people don't agree with.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of the normal society, they're often ignored.
But what I propelled to my heart and passed my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't consider them within the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and amazing.
Now, for those less familiar with the term automatic, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual it is manifested in a different way, from there that Rame is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, it's diagnosed with a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the fastest disorders of development that faster in the world, there is no cause or any known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was just three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When a few months passed, I realized that he was different.
I grew up a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
And I was living in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars around the room, looking at the washing wash and eating anything that would be between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the blacks, the frustration and the international hypothesis, there was something really unique. A pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without presidents, a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, times where I wish they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about the individual, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
Normal goes through the beauty that gives us the differences, and the fact that it is different doesn't mean that some of them are wrong.
It only means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Rome and Sam and to you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have, are a gold: each of us has a gift in its interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for gravity, progress and change die at the time when we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what it must have been Australia in the March of the Marines.
Penn State asked me to me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  So I was really frightened -- Assacher of these students with her big minds and his big books and her big words and the unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt like when I fell down the hole of the rabbits and saw the door of a new world.
So I felt like I felt when I had those conversations with students -- I was surprised with the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a big communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to media and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please have some simple substance.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and that their engineering is attractive.
First question to say, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the traditions, but they study the traditions, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the optimistic.
And when they're describing their science, care with the jargon.
Shame is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temporal, but why don't you say "space and time, which is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing to make them silly.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- are ways of reaching and engaging with their content.
And by presenting his work, forget about the signs of balance."
You've wondered why they're called basketball?  What do the balloon do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language of our brain and overwhelmed us.
In contrast, this example of General Brown is much more effective. It shows that the special structure of the traditions is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower design.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, legislation, that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphics that appeal to our other senses and believe a deeper sense of understanding than it is described to it.
I think these are just some keys that can help others open the door and look at the country of the wonders which is science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all media, they have a very simple one.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words in the entire English English dictionary is sandbable."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "Sarchille means "destince political meaning."
Although there was a senior editor of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A sandbable is the one who seeks a public charge without matter, platform or principle, and that, when you win, you get it for the use of a restrictive verbal metabolic mental.
I have no idea what responsibility means.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language.
For example, 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliament camera.
And this was all thanks to the value of a guy with the island of Brazil Cross, who was faced by Parliament Cross.
And he was put in the London Tower and they incarcerated him, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London that won.
And only a few years later, we had the first use of the phrase of the phrase -- "The blue sound like the metal."
Most of them think it's literature.
It isn't. It's by a advocate of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact -- I want you to go back to America, just after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was deterred in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions that could have fruit.
Some of them wanted to call it "Jesus from State Washington," and others, "Your Allet George Washington, and other Departments of the U.S. village of Washington."
Not very attracted.
Some of them just wanted to call it Red.
They thought it was quality quality.
And not even with that were mental, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it could have served it.
Everybody gets tired of immediately, because this debate is proposed for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor sentence, and I always wrote, "Not with this subject."
What caused the portrait and the way it was that the House of representatives was against the Senator.
The House of representatives didn't want Washington to be pregnant of power.
They didn't want to call it King for if he did give him or his dirty ideas.
So, they wanted to give you the most modest title and more immediately and more likely to be happened.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title. There was no one before, but only meant somebody who presents a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more grain than the term "Capital or supernova.
There were evolutionary presidents of small colonial and government failure, but it was really a imaginative title.
And so the Senate is changed.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to firm treated and reunited with foreign digitals.
"And who will take in serious with a tree as ridiculous and immediate as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't cut.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never really been refuged by the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, hoping that the Senate between in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- is possible that we keep expecting 222 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave you, is that the U.S. president title doesn't sound so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of non-state vehicles and so on.
The reality and history has given to the title of gratitude.
So the end won the Senate.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of synthetic -- well, it was a uniqueness by then.
But you know how many nations do you have now?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end of the Senate won and the Repaise House lost, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they are now the President of America.
And I think that's the big lesson that we can learn, and what I'd like to leave with.
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but actually model reality much more the words that they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under land in a illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that calculus of male and stones with primitive tools.
Like others, I take a cheap lens of typical light subject to the head with this advanced rubber and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole from a meter that takes hundreds of meters on the ground.
My hand was settled up, and suddenly I remember a mining that I met days before, who lost control and fell in that pot.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole to risk their lives without paying and reward and often dying.
I came out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're prey from slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exhibition in the Vancouver Peace Course.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a "Ready The Sland, an NGO that's dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not to be a degree of it.
When we finished to speak I felt very bad. Honestly, I was embarrassed to ignore this atrocities of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I came up with the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Sarah Deletion director and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've been in many of these places.
Some of them, even I considered them my second home.
But this time, I would quiet the dirty tracks.
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people living in the world.
It's twice as much as the number of Africans displaced throughout the entire translation of translational slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars.
However, today you can enslave entire families by generations by number 18.
Sure, slavery generates profits of over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many of them have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to find out that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and cannot escape.
Today slavery operates in the trade -- goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are desperate.
Lab exists in almost everybody and, however, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the browsers of bricks.
This strange and hard show was like entering the old Egypt or the hell.
Imagine in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped up in a low handle of dust, apply mechanically brick in their heads, up to 18 at once, and take them from the horror hormones to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
Definitely the monkey and the song work in silence, doing this task again and again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no passengers to eat, not to drink, and the severe destruction made that pee was pretty interestingly.
So penguin was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and he stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run to the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to review it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a lot better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry but the autonomous that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "You know, you don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I explained very clearly to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already gone.
I had to trust the Steve the Sland and work inside the system for his release, and I started to get it.
And in terms of me, I wait to get home to feel my destructive heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles for miles for mountains that were waiting down.
Those big plans were more heavy than the children who caught them and the kids were holding them into their heads with homes made of steps, ropes and heads.
It's hard to witness something that artificial.
How can we influence something so invisible, but so obsessed?
Some people don't even know they're slave -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paid -- because this has been so all his life.
They have nothing to compare it.
When these villages were recovered their freedom, the climbers were usually burning their houses.
When we hear the word slavery often we thought about sexual traffic, and because of this global consciousness they warned me that it would be difficult for me to work in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was called women who had been previously slave sex.
I was driven by some automatic stairs, which gave this dirty basement, of flashing light light.
It wasn't exactly a blue.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restrain, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the "movement of the women with their girls and children, some of just seven years, are forced to train the clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every single dot is dark and dirty identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse by hands of their clients.
On the painting, I remember a sense of an adaptable fear of head, and at that instant, I barely could imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I just had one silk, the stairs where I came in.
There were no barrels there.
There were no windows enough to translate.
Those people don't have a scale and because we play a very difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery -- even sexual traffic -- happens around us.
There are hundreds of people who are enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children sell each year as sexual slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to a slave hand.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families carved in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait of family.
The hands of black barrels are the father, the blue tissues and the red, of their children.
They mix into these big barrels and dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My introduction told me his stories.
We don't have freedom, they said.
"We still hope, yet I can get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our work."
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Volva, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense right?
mistake. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their traditional families and disappeared and forced to work on extensive humpback in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up was shot -- it was subject that his little canoe was embraced.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the branches of the trees in Lake are often catching networks and children and photographers and fear, they go into the water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are driven.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee and like all life has been treated with crude, usually tries to treat the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they raised the latest networks, but they had been working from the one.
The night cold and sensor.
And I can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kosovo.
Kofi was rescued in a village village village.
I met it in a shelter where "I "Free Steve Reaching Resident to slavery.
Korean symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
Driving through a road in Ghana with partners of "Free the Sland, an aggressive partner with his motorcycle suddenly accelerated and supported our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it on the ground to the forest.
At the end of the road, he was urging us to go out of the car, and asked the driver to go out quickly.
Then he pointed out this series just visible and said, "This is the path, this is the way. Come on.
As we started to go down, we took the nurses that blocked the road, and after walking about an hour we found that the path was raised by the recent rain, so I put the photo team on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the simple path ended up absolutely in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that I could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with spaced workers.
A lot of women had children attached to their backs, and while they were looking for gold. They walked in the waters who were sent in the way of merely.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a wells in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were employed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritated, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people carrying heavy bags of stone that then will be transported to another area in which they would make the stone so they can extract the gold.
At first sight, the site seems to be filled with strong and visual men but if you look closer to the side, we see to work at some other lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim victim and the service of mercussion in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died his uncle he took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, Manhattan inherit the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in mines.
When I met it, I had worked on the mines 14 years old and the leg lesion that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said it should be applied.
In addition to that, Manuel has tuberculosis, and nonetheless, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
And yet, he dreams with being released and educated with the help of local activists like "Free the Slands, and it's this kind of determination, and I face a remote possibility of face, which inspired me very much respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen for you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to give them testimony of them, and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I just think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it gets very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not of magazines -- they're people, real people, like you and I, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think of these many beautiful people, strangers, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images wake up a force in the people who see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force fits a fire and that fire shine light on the slavery because without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do applications and there's a peculiar problem for who it does -- we are like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I will try to explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They give us the virtues of the ballet and the slave dancers -- we will see more ahead.
But the ballet demand is a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of destiny, and probably certain initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, the neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroy gradually this extraordinary ability, as I do with my friend Dan Steramed who, at his time, was a value dancing verbal.
A lot of years has been produced in the last few years.
However, there are 6.3 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness, temperatures, region and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately, the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and certain metric metaphor.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, out of clinical trials, they never do. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves.
It wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars.
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional way to try it, you see, in some sense, at least, we are all virtuous as my friend Dan Steratori.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds by talking about -- we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds, and we all have the genes necessary -- PMS, for example.
And as the ballet requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about the time that leads to a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal chords as they vibrate up, and as Parkinson's affected the extremists, it also affects vocal organs.
In the bottom line you can see an example of irreversible shark from vocal ropes.
We see the same symptoms.
vocal search, weakness and recording.
The speech becomes more quiet and appealing after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on special clinical trials -- well, both of them are invisible.
The neurological test is not invasive -- both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them.
Both of them are precise -- well, but also the basically bad tests are not specialized in voice.
I mean, they can be automatically.
They do very quickly, take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are a minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost that low -- it comes up with massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to deal with.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
It wouldn't take to go to the clinic for the routine child.
With high-quality monitoring we could get objective data.
We could do massive responsibility from low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, fascinating facilities at the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomaterials of disease before it's too late.
So by giving you the first steps in that sense, we are launching the Volunteer Victorian Institute.
Together to Aquarin and Palmetics, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
anyone, with or without Parkinson's particular, can call under price and leave recordings for cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: Then Mars, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, can you say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What about these samples?
Max Little Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease. TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people can not happen. They may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of discovered data in different circumstances, and to do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for the leadership factors to look for the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now.
MM: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Mahatha, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now has shown that it works on the mobile phone network too, which is all that angiogenesis the project. Now we have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: New and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
MM: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little public.
MM: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I was making photographic portraits in New York City.
We are stream creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in fourth without windows and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the models even more thin -- the perfect skin is even more perfect -- we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photograph.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A few time later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there were Hans Volvandes, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, May traveled to the ocean.
It's a little town of fishermen located in the precise of about 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The red water level reached over 24 feet tall and over three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We get edges from channels and children.
We cleaned up schools. We take the slime. We take the house and we leave the houses to be renewable and recorded.
We take tons and tons of fish fish and abuse, possible from local factory.
We were installed and loved us.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and cards and cards.
They all did the same thing.
You can pick it up and take them to different places of the villages around to guide them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered.
As they were fleeing from the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village education center.
I helped clean up the common bathrooms the huge, giant bars.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the research center collects the photos.
They took them up and I had the honor that that day they would trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring and inspired, I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I took my horizons.
When you look at the pictures, I found some that had more than a hundred years of a few years in the lab, I couldn't help to think about how to fix that traits and repair that trait and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came into Facebook with some of them, and in the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, I knew we had to try it.
So we started playing the photos.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too short, but where the water had collected the face of the girl had to deal with a lot of precision and defense.
Anyway, that girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the short picture.
Over time, they got the more pictures of time, and they needed more recordings that we had to get into Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later 80 people were offered to help.
In the course of two weeks, I had 150 people who were willing to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Republicans, a neighbor village north of Hama America.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they took to deliver them is a different story, it depends on assumptions of the depression of the photos.
I could explain an hour. I could explain weeks.
I could make months.
This minister had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water had not destroyed water.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures in salt water, bacteria, backgrounds with algae -- even with oil -- all of that with the time of time continued to destroy them, so cleaning up by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't play the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been replaced by his owner.
We were lucky with the cleaning of hand.
We count with the guidance of a distributed neighbor.
It's very easy to harm even more the pictures of the day.
As Winnimanal, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky to photos.
I had started to wipe them out, but he stopped when he realized that I would give them even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not be able to rebuild it, we could blow up the images in one photo and bring the whole picture.
When he picked up his pictures shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the pictures in a fireman station between the rubble quite far from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the signs were suggesting.
His young children, not so small now, but his two children were in school, different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everyone had survived.
The day he gave her his pictures his youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do it, something he could go back to look, something that he could remember from the past that had not been marked by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan, 1,100 volunteers had joined there Hans hundreds of them helped us clean by hand over 150,000 photographs -- the big majority -- the big majority came by their owners -- important.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us return to 90 families hundreds of totally respected and challenging pictures.
During this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We took pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of somebody or something, a place, a relationship, somebody dear it.
They are substance of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take but the first thing we would go back to look for.
This is what the project was, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is coming back to somebody, it suggests a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of retreat.
Some of them had been connected to something larger and back something, using his talent for something that is not thin models of perfect skin.
To end up to read this email -- I sent it Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I recorded, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, converted me, because a similar picture of my family, my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter recently, hangs out of our wall.
In the entire world, in all the times our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  And applause.
Dr. Edgar inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of just a million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion pounds per second.
I present you a new kind of photographer: teacher, a new technique that can create videos in slow camera of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and they really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer and you turn it up and push it into a biological second or it is, in several females to create a package of just a millimeter away.
And that picture of photons -- that bullet -- traveling at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet base.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and we shoot in this bottle, how do you trigger those photons inside this bottle of bottle.
What's the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this --   remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a nunstruption is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't hold this research.  They have a lot of things in this movie -- describe this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet comes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through it and that, inside, it starts to develop.
Part of the light is stretched, goes to the table, and we started seeing these reductions.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflection of the top side, you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several squares, that the implications are concentrated.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and we make it record the same distance and see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to sit at that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  -- a slow bullet in motion.
And what about dead nature dead?
You can see the waves that get off the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, I thought, from a fear at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this shot, you realize that, as light hits the tomato -- it's still brilliant. It doesn't get dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light is being buried in its inside, and it comes back and out of several trillion seconds.
In the future, when this film is in your mobile phone, they will be able to go to the supermarket and check if fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT.
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture at low exposure, it enters very little light.
But we'll go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so you just get some light.
We sent that ball, that picture of photographs, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very atmosphere, and we took those data gigabytes and we engage them computer to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in crude and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a superstar future would allow you to see after the rich?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Republic, enter the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light boots.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our female.
Behind the wall there is a manufacturing and we will bounce the light on the door.
Then the publication of our article in Natalic Communities.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our female, it has unique capacity.
It has very good temporal resolution and can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point corresponds to what distance it is.
When you project a laser -- you can record a picture, you can see on the screen, it really doesn't make any sense.
But we'll take a lot of images like this, tens of images, will we put them together and try to analyze the multiple bounces of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object of it?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build educators able to see the inside of the body surrounding oceans, and the same for cardiacra.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists to start thinking about feminist as a new modernism of visualization to solve the problems of imagination in health in the next generation.
Just like Dr. Edga, he himself a scientist, converted science in art, an art of blue photography.
I realized that all the pictures of data that we collect are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
You can create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few billion seconds.
But here is something fun as well.
If you look at the waves under the track, they get away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. To Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appear to be invested in the camera.
And applying the corresponding warping of space and time, we can correct this distortion of space.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and you give you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, put it up to South and get famous.
This is all possible with a cell phone.
I'm a 1984 childhood and I live in the city of Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were trying to look for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 -- imagine if all these people who are brought together in search for a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who on the present have a cell phone here?
Get them up.
Raise your mobile phone, fill them up.
Get them up. A Black, a Blackberry, would work."
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a cell phone.
But today I'm going to talk about my mobile phone, and how he changed my life.
I'm going to talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
Battle data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a direction.
Information Report.
This direction says that every European phone company, every single Internet provider, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls whom -- who sends an email to who.
Who sends him a text to it.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All this information is stored by at least six months, and even two years old, in his phone company or its Internet providers.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data response.
We want automation in the digital age, and we don't want the phones and the Internet providers to store all this information on us.
There were lawyers, journalists performances, pressures, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about ten thousand people who went out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Drug, I don't fear fear.
And some of them even said that this would be the Stanford 2.0.
The statue was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really if this works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone phone, Deceiver Teley, who at that time was the largest phone company in Germany, that please send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah, blah, blah, blah, ball.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're playing my life.
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Deceas Teley said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed up an agreement.
I would remove the demand and they send me the information I asked myself.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the influence for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly piece of brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
It brings up and five thousand of these data lines.
I first saw them, and I said, well, it's a huge file, OK.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little specifically, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data feedback means.
So next to Keith Oliver and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a visualization of six months of my life.
You can zoom back and zoom back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Francisco in train to colony, and what frequency I call in the trajectory.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little bit of fear.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talked a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call me between them.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate to each other to what time they call each other, which hour they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who speaks to who, who sent an email to who, all this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the state would have known who involved in this protest, and if the state had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And, in fact, it's not the fall of the Horning Court.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But automation and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for authority.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they come home to tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not moved from fashion.
When you go home, give you your representation that just because companies and state agencies can store some information, don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that you have to remember you have to fight for authority in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDGlobal, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDGlobal, what happens?
I call myself Massachua Zack, and I'm not eradicated, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, self-selling to the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, that's why it takes all the time.
Have a look.
It's a cheap.
and Muhammad Allie.
The P, it's not genetics.
It's not contact and it's not continuously.
Nobody was going to be my mother and I didn't touch it because my parents were prime brothers, although they are.
It just goes through accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, you've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
Navigation valves, are in the commercial center, drive in circles in search for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disability.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little discovered?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Dr. C. is just one of them.
If there is a optimism of the operation, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a paleontologist, Muslim, woman, disability and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Park Chechanica, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood, and my disease had the same initiatives.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe it."
The mantra of my father was, "You can --  -- "change someone."
If my three older sisters.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents sued to the school system and made sure that I would also go out, and if we didn't take all the notes out, we all had my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at five years putting my hands on his feet and just walking.
Another tactics that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to follow it.
The short thing I took inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a bomb camp that has received a lot of blocks.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs now, and they're still all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't interesting.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians were going to think about the optical to use Muslims as a field of campaign.
The people I grew up had no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to be a lot to be a lot that died of hunger during the range.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so I'm going to move out of the market when it was very easy.
dancing on Brazil.
Yes, in Brazil. It's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with tactiles, or I can walk with tangible.
I am from New Jersey, and we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using tactiles, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Mandarin.
In summer vacations, I often had my father trying to get up, so I was drinking some of the deer, and I was putting hot cups on my back, and I immersed in the Dead Sea, and I remember that the water burned my eyes and thought, "Wow, work."
But the miracle cure was the aging.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I did yoga was a start commitment that I couldn't stand in -- "The One Present."
And now I can hold you on the head.
My parents reinforce this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be on the General Hospital Telescope.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because I entered all of the skin.
It was like the pet lamp of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I took the whole note in my classroom, and also in his classes.
Every time I was doing a scene of the crystal train my professors were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called "The Value very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paradise.
I was a girl with brain parallels.
So I started screaming at four winds, "In order to have a paper."
I have cerebral paradox."
At the end of the free."
Thank God a little God, I am a free fire."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him to Steve Brown.
I went to include running to the director of the theater department, crying, historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask him why and she told me that because they thought I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts either.
It was a paper that he literally had been born and gave it to an actor without brain parallels.
College was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a short story of adding actors without disability for disabled papers.
When I graduated back, I went home, and my first active tour was as an extra in a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew it would be a "company applied to "love friends in a sandwich.
Instead, I was there as a sandwich, not more than the number, and it was obvious to me that the reporting directors didn't hire for driven actors, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whitopia Goldberg, Rose Barry, Elland, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comments.
So I became humiliating.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first comics that he took when I fell up in the realization that I was going high speed by the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had brain parallels.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without flight.
Some people say that I'm the first police of the Arab world.
I never like to pick up the first place, but I know you never heard that little distant rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my other mother and father, Dean Objective, and I launched the New York City Festival in New York City, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Retrodicians in the media and at the same time remind them to the red directors that sub-surgery and Arab are not synonymous to us.
To integrate Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of disability from disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was as invited by cable news program behind Keith Olympic.
I walked up as if I went to a graduate dance, they dragged me to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, you can give me another chair, and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, "Fire, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I went to the desk desk to not get out of the screen during the sector, and when I finished the interview, I was lost.
I finally had my opportunity and disappeared it. I knew they wouldn't get invited again.
But not just Mr. Olympic came back to invite me, but I was like a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Olympic was that people on the Internet are scanned.
It's said that children are cruel, but they never get rid of me or child or older people.
Suddenly, my Internet disability became a grandmother object.
I saw clips online with comments like, "Why do you then?
"Is it represent?
And my favorite, "Poor boom terrorist.
What disease does it have?
We should really have to hear for it."
A comment suggested even to add my disability to my computer: guards, comment, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in a wheelchair can't do Beijing, then Benjamin can't make someone in a wheelchair.
Disabilities are the -- yes, clapping. Man: Come on.
Disabilities are the largest minority in the world, and the most surprised minority in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said not walking, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I've grown up with media media, I don't think it was.
I hope we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My toaster journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet by the discovery of Sausemperaport Susan Labs and the Lord Arts.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sandaland and working with my pain, the incredible Dave Matts.
I remember the world in the Arab world, "The Arabs have become crazy."
I was denied in the representation of the great state of New Jersey in the Canadian of 2008.
And I founded "May Children's kids," a charity to give the Palestinian refugee kids a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting alive, and I dedicated this talk to her memory.
(Audience in peace, paper."
I call myself Massachua Zack, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child from a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small village to the South Asia.
This village is near Muslim.
The drought drive to the small village to poverty and on the edge of innovation.
Nothing for him is going to the great city, in this case, Muslim, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Muslim.
After maybe a raised year, nothing.
One day you get a gentleman that offers him to lunch it, after dinner, to destroy.
It knows a dynamic group of people, who gives him a discontext.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to his family.
They introduce a young one.
It finally goes home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Muslim, under a blue sky -- a bomb car.
That child of that little town with dreams of the big care was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were the Shanghai, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how does the story of a little kid trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends up with him involved?
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he came in.
This was the first thing that took him out of what we call "the Sperwater Person."
And its story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It is the story of the marginalizations, young urban urban unemployed people who are device in Johannesburg developers, described riots in London, looking for something beyond the "specific period."
For young people, the city promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rate rate rates.
By 2030, three in five people who live in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the speaker "engine] -- the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the gang -- will be the history of cities.
And in my hometown of birth, Muslim, 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do practically anything.
I went back to Muslim last month, and I went to visit the Madden Hospital -- the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in that hospital anchority to balloons thinking, and if I never had gone?
What if I had been forced to be in that same period of speech?
Would I have become a terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Muslim that month was actually to help some juvenile leaders in a business issue.
It was about 90 Somali light leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Muslim, he graduated.
I didn't work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, that because it was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Muslim, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B are the streets.
Secret years of civil war have completely destroyed the real system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
He saw an opportunity and applied it.
He started a business company.
It started by saving motorcycle residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What makes this story different?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the "specific period."
I find young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately so delicate.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohammed Mohamma, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Muslim has seen in over 22 years, and until a little bit, until Mohamed came in, if you wanted flowers for your wedding board, we were used by plastic sent from the abroad.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers for?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
He started a company of palm and flower design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Muslim, and he started to grow Turking and little little places, which said, could survive the hard climate of Muslim.
And it started the delivery of flowers for wedding crashes, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now he's working on creating the first public park of Muslim in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Muslim.
He wants to create a space where the families, the young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial rose.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people.
They never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, which could be complex of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They built business solutions for local problems.
So inspired young people and creating a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but the young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put into their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, to send them the support that they need to move from awareness to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park is how it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
They accept the street kids to help rent and keep the engines for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the parallel "Star Paradox."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is, you turn young people into entrepreneurs, they engage and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of the Peace than the "Star Personally."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to marry my dad in the Adambonic mountains, an aerial area north of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The center forest.
The sun made the leaves to shine as a glass and not to be on the way that we knew, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to go through that land.
We came to our camp.
It was a company in a research with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the ship there was a trash of about four feet square with apple heart hearts of public paper balls, and old stream.
And I was anternative, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy to get what they had brought in, who thought he was going to clean their basket?
That question followed with me, and it felt a little bit.
Who clean our flag?
No matter how they organize or where you put our our trash in Stanford?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London?
Here in New York, the Department of Santan clean our trash -- at 11 thousand tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know it as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel like to use the uniform and take that load to it?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in offices and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intrustrine.
I needed to give up more.
So I started working as a garbage record.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drive them.
And he would operate the mechanical shocks and bar the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong you have been used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies kept encouraging the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also danger.
According to the World statistics, the waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous occupation, and I learned why.
You're coming out and coming into the traffic all day and they go through all around you.
They just want to happen, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the implications of garbage.
When you get out of the lecture, and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
He never stopped coming.
It's also like a way of breathing or circulation.
It must always be in motion.
And it's also stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I firmly believe that waste collection is the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
These are the first public health protection.
If you don't get rid of waste and effective form every day, this starts to describe from their continents and their inherent dangers threatened us in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries back and start to hurt them.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old we don't have space for what the motors of the economy start to fail when it's in danger of consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, only his relationship.
And then there is what I call our daily daily speed of speed.
I mean, I just mean the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't care about, we don't repair or clean or take our coffee cup with us, our bag of coastal, our water bottle.
We use them, we pull them, we forget about them, because we know that there's a work force on the other side that comes out of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways to think about the waste collection that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost literal.
They're on the street every day, at a rhythmic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you expect them.
And their work allows us to make our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us safe from ourselves, from our own waste, our destinations, and that flow always has to stay in one form or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the group of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and dropped the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as all of the Wednesday did.
And I tried to thank him to do his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and he just went on, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be OK."
Shortly after that, I started to research the waste collection and I saw that man.
It's called Paulo, we worked together and made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our efforts to recreate the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and have all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about trash, represent the three percent of the amount of waste of nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next one you see someone whose work is to clean up the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community living in the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example began with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in Ethiopia, Addis Adam.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out and run."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to research.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need a lot of energy because the crime with crystals generate heat in the interior, so it takes a lot of facial fragile.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And third, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a shame dealing with a place so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really charged with the ancient market that's this of the free air structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small sells.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspiring the site, which is located in an area of a lot of growth in the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, using all the entries in the building.
And this spreads with an inclined attribute that creates a space to the free air in the building that are artificially, because of its own form, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue similar to an ant capacity with perfections to allow the input of the air and also from light, but in a filtered way.
We then inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons.
They have properties of the fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade of it.
We're building that with these little preferences that are the windows that are left to pass the air and light in a controlled way in the inside of the building.
This is made with these little colors of colors that use the light of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it didn't have easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we asked?
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because at the end of them there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not just because of the material compared to glass, but also because it was no longer necessary to have an air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy supply for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting pictures on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of gathering and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these parts in the roof, which in the middle collects water for the infrastructure of the inside.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest that I ever designed, needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put a special attention in the middle, a 100-year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access to almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was expand the existing streets, creating 12 similar basic blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards of Europe.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the medical climate climate?
And it's northern, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural trend.
So we support a scheme that suggests that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patients, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for the pedestrians of it.
And it also responds to local norms that establish a greater density in the upper levels and a lower density in the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to portray the community that is occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors can go up and social, and make activities like running a 2,000 miles in the morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes the communities and local economies at the same pace that grow the buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between community and the environment and that they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl joined our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had great amounts of hair very bright and a small stuff of pencils -- slowly. It was super strong for the capital capitals -- very good for original.
I ended up that year, and I was full of cells, until I turned my sound plan.
I had a day left after the school of school -- I was a little late, and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was disappeared, I went out, I walked into the classroom, taken from the table of my teacher the balance book.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival just a little bit, just some like that.
All the stuff.  And I was willing to bring the book into the box, but I would see, some of my other partners had very good notes too.
So in a sand, I run the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all the lines from Day and myself a row of it, just for being there, because I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came out.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never caught me.
It's that everything was deliberately obvious.
They never found me.
But especially the reason why I was bothered by this girl, so small, it was so good for organic.
I'm intrigued by the cells.
They're so mysterious and so period.
We know babies suffer from cells.
Also the primates. The blue birds are very propose.
We know that cells are the number one cause of cycles in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the lab in which the cells are studying the cells in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no cells, there would be no literature.
There would be no Helen increase, no Header."
There would be no cell king or "The thousand and a night."
There would be no Shakespeare.
They were the reading list of high school reading lists, because we would be losing "The Noise and the Southern, no Getting Getting Georgers and "Facebook? We would lose Mary Zooka and "Cancer K.
Without cells, there is no Prosthways. I know it's fashionable to say that I propose it has the answers for everything, and in terms of the cells, almost you all have it.
This year, 100 years of his master play, "In search for the long-term time, the most exhaustive study of sexual cells, and also from ordinary competition, mine, everything we might have.  And thinking about Prosth, we have the feeling of the feeling of it, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a hurrical factory in your washing water.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget about how implant it is.
I mean, it's books that Virginia World said were as hard as cat prototype.
I don't know what the cat pill is, but we assume it's surprise.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the cells, the cells and Prosth.
Is it going to be very obvious as the cells, which reduced the person, to their wish, their imperatives, are a really solid narrative base.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel cells.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about the lives of other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the time of narratives and audience, we know exactly what details you can find, to calm the knife up, right?
The cells make us all analyzed novels, and that's something that I thought I understand.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give him pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And it starts to say to himself that story, and since then, I propose that every single face that Shanghai senses in his lover, he adds to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Shanghai and Prosth, they were notoriously celebrate.
You know, Prosthet notes would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so celebrated to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are adrenation.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the cells?
The cells are nutrient from information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small pencil status.
The cells are running from the photos.
That's why Israeli is so successful --   I propose the language of the academic language with the cells.
When Shanghai is in his cell age, I suddenly heard behind the doors and bribe to the services of his lover and then defined those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is replacement, but it's not different than an old text interpretation or to look at a monument."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
I propose is trying to prove that the cells look interesting and make us seem absurd, but in their memory, they're search for knowledge, search of truth, a painful truth. In fact, what I think to Turkey is the more painful the truth, the more painful the truth better.
The pain, the humiliation -- the humiliation, the losses -- these were the pathways to the wisdom of Prostate.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer from it in us a much deeper feelings of feelings and vital than a wise man who can be interested in us.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women, right?
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells reveal us ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion revealed our advertising, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at so psychological intensive?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very innocent young man who was consumed with the idea that his woman was denialized.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
So she was innocent. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that he was doing his wife, without realizing invasion, involuntary behavior.
Does it smile too much or do you have a road with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the curve of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the cells are doing to look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely we are, the more we become a resident of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells take us to make violent or illegal acts.
The cells propelled us to behave in totally immersive ways.
Now I'm thinking about me about eight years old, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Michael for 52 years of age was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from the one that was sent out of violent messages for itself, for a year.
For a year -- a year.
She was trying to engage the new girlfriend of his extra eight. I have to confess that when or this, they react to administration.
Because, let's be realistic.
What a huge thing, even though unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
It's like a New York Higgs novel.
High is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character from American literature.
It's the automobile of "strangers in a Tream and "The Taliban Mr. Report, books that are trying to do how the cells are confusing our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the cells, the membrane that separates what might be, can be punched in a second.
Take Tom Robert, his most famous character.
Tom Titanic is going to want or want what you have to take away from your self and take away from what you ever had, and it's under the floor. It responds to your name, it takes your rings, empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Torm Robert route.
I can't give you all the world as much as sometimes I want.
It's a shame, because we live in times of envy.
We live in terms of cells.
That is, we are good citizens from social networks, where the currency is the everyday? Right?
The novels show us the salary? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what people always do when they're not sure, when they are at a mystery.
Let's go to 122 of Baker Street and ask for Sergeon Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, they think about the market of the Marian Professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always been preferred by the Lester Institute," the Strip face of Scott Farm that needs Hollywood desperately to need the Hollywood genius, but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar with me.
Lesterly needs his help, but the responsibility of it, and boring with bitter in each of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Silly of Six Natives," once Hollywood comes in, he grabs everyone with his solution, Lester goes back to Hollywood and says, "We're not cells, Mr. Hollywoods.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there is no person in Scott Farm who would not want to shake your hand.
It's one of the times we see Hollywood transferred in history. I think this is very exciting -- that scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a management problem, no emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is the opposite side of Lester.
The next minute are the same side.
So suddenly, Lesterland is allowed to admire that idea of being the response.
Could it be so simple.
What if the cells are really an issue of geometry, just a question where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to be aware of the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the context plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to get them.
Just the fishing fiction.
The fiction alone used to dominate them, invite them to the table.
And look at what shells -- the Sweden Lesteropher, the terrifying Tom Robert, the crazy Susidan March Prosperor himself.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Alpha jumped out of the Apollo 11th and went down on the Sea of Tradition.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone alone, but his presence in the gray surface of a collective collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest movement in the history of the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twitter walked on his surface, which Alexander after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they going?
They didn't take a lot of comes back. (Music kilos of old rocks, and something that 24 would entertain later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kenya at Rice University in 1962, they give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- some questions, why the Moon Moon?
Why do we turn it into our goals?
And you could also ask, why do you scale the highest mountain of the mountain?
So 35 years ago, why fly on the Atlantic age?
Why do you play Rice against Texas.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Peter -- for the consumers, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the East War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was to look at the transfer of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triangles.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the airplane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
Half of the century, the police is eradicated and removed smallpox.
Technology seemed to have what Alvin Tasken in 1970, called a acceleration force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a ship with candle -- but in 1969, the Apollo 10 crew flew to 40,000 miles an hour.
Since 1970, no human is going to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the optimism of optimism on the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology will solve how to go to Mars, create clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seem to be interestingly in the world.
I remember looking at Apollo 17 depression.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he didn't look at the escape tube from the Saturday V.
I knew that this would be the last mission, but I was completely sure I would get to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here at TED.
It looks like the technologists would have been distracted and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sale.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a paleonage explanation in Silicon Valley, who trust that they have created less ambitious companies than the Internet was funded in the Internet, Microsoft, Apple and Gene and Gene forehead.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the quality, in concrete the incentives that risk capitalists offer business.
Silicon Valley says that the investment of risk caused the creation of transnational ideas by funding incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's going wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when venture capitalists were in their peak point without worrying about the risk, they preferred small investments, tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The Chris have always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies like energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term -- they've never invested in developing technologies to solve big problems because they don't have immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we want.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biomaterial. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Correct and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biometrical one.
We want some alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologists and entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and trying to incentivize the development of alternative energy, most of a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the price of coal.
But there is no hope in the political climate today that we will see an energy policy of the United States or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem to be technological -- it turns out not to be.
We know from time that famine is a result of failure in the food report.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famine are political crisis that affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like coastalls or systems for the storage and repair of food, but there will be famine while there were bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes collaborate a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon will tell you the war to cancer in 1976, but soon we discovered that there are many types of cancer, some terrible cases of treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be present? Political leaders and population must want to solve the problem: institutions have to support the solution -- it must really be really really about a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems, with those criteria.
But it's a relevant model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no glamorous competition like the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who makes the difficult and dangerous thing, and there's no popular science mythology as to explore the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And I really wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start giving you the generalized ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become clicks of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a change: there's been a huge decline of trust, it's a very pervasive belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more trust.
And the third is a task -- we should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task has been interpreted.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a chair, a target and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about it.
First of all, why do people think that trust has distant?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I lean to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and that might have increased in others.
I'm not sure.
But I can turn out to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were described 20 years ago, mainly journalists and politicians, they continue to inspire the same description.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago are still quite credible, judges -- the shells, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway in the road.
But is this a enough?
What the opinion survey polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is generic attitudes that people manifest when you ask some questions.
It trust the politicians -- trust in the teachers?
Now, if someone asked you, "Do you think about the ready?
You trust the fishermen?
You trust the primary teachers?
You would probably start to ask, "What is it going to do what?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust you, but in other nothing."
It's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to divide trust in a different way.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel like a certain kind of office, functional or person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain primary teacher I know to give the lesson class, but in no way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my more crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives of the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in the most abstract way?
I think that polls are really bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to organize good judgment in fact to trust something or somebody.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would pursue you.
I would argue to have more confidence in what it is to be about trust, but not what it isn't.
Ultimately, I'm a part of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who were depending on their savings with the very closely called Mr. Madochum, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yeah, they were too confused.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
The dependent trust or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, it says, yeah, okay, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What is about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think that in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if you find that one person is competition in the permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in the contrary, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competition and honest, but it wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm glad to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competent, but extremely destructive.
If it is that, I still haven't allowed me.
But that's what we're looking for -- trustworthiness.
Trust is the answer.
The trust is what we need to go.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build systems of accounts for all kinds of institutions, professionals, workers and so forth, that they would make us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than to hold the part into it."
And we found the same problem in all of our public and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to ensure trust and trust testing, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is to figure out the work of the people who have to make hard tasks, like particles, demanding them to mark the castles," as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, by the target.
I think the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and we'll convey to the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people or officials or politicians are trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes -- what's not done properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task to rebuild trust, it puts things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- in a way, is distinctive because they give it other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough base for you to trust you.
You have to be a reality worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive it, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to bring rid evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That's done every day, everywhere, the ordinary people, the functions, the institutions, very effectively.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says that I can give you the exploration of explanations.
I take them up and get back the money, or they change them for the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're pointing is not a very difficult thing to do.
What people trust is the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginning of computers, we've been striving to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where imagination can be disappeared.
This separation has been reducing, getting more and more and more, at such point that today is less than one millimeter, the glass of the glass screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if there were no barrels?
I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool in digital space, so that when the strong supply against the screen transfers its physical body to poetry.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers apart.
But the two hands remain still on the outside of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the destination of your hands?
In the discovery of Apple Science Science discovery, along with my mentor Catholic Ministry, I was redesigning the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
combining a transparent bombsight with deep cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get into the inside of 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as grab a book of a shelf.
You can bend the book and raise lines or words with the virtual technical sensor that is below every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with your hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
And if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Sure, many of us will have bought and get things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual protein on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a mountain device in the head or transportation when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future like this?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Isabelle, and my collaborator Kenya Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Similarly, what we did was we announced gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical performance and detector.
And by programming the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means human movements can be recorded and back to reproduce and stay in the physical world.
And you can teach characteristics physically and distributed and the famous shots of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of the planets, the physics, and unlike the monitoring or the textbook books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without having to discover from our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hung, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all the payment costs.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they actually believed that there was only a central path to happiness -- a safe and good job.
No matter whether the work or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese single singer singer sand.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must begin to train from very young to learn the activists, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I even wrote to the director of school and the presentation of a radio program.
But no adult was given the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
I feared that during the rest of my life a second class is the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved for another vocal.
No one around me wanted to teach me, OK.
I took the books.
(Music "Tolerant "Course"]
Those who were forbidden in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese campaign life.
And it's not conversational property.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation, "Head to your father and your mother."
"He's like, "Healthy, I said, "It's so different, and much better than again."
So it became my tool to come out of this constructive guilt trap.
The encounter with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit.
It was a lot of perspectives.
For example, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn.
I've never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps as a comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books.
They can deal with "Gods Francisco Frances from Walter Islamic of David McDonald's who were involved in a same case, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation are economic, politics and spiritual.
For the Buddha, they're all psychological -- lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
Chunky Telescope Tamil Thomas Martian March Marine Range" instead of losing me in translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "falling "stretch "again?
And "notes in Chinese literally means New Mother: Oh.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from past and present.
I know it will not feel just or powerless ever.
Having a distributed dream really isn't compared to what many others have suffered with.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a destroyed dream can do that for you.
And it's because of books, that I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always accelerate them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychological client.
I was a Ph.D. student in a clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 76 year-old woman named Alex.
And Alex entered the first session using vaccines and a hidden country, and I stood in the couch of my office and he took off the shoes and told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so fantastic.
My class of class had a pigment as a clean one.
And I got a gentleman that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the expensive stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it became easy to just move the head while we went back the solution.
"The translators are the new senses, he said, "Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working on, then you get home after, you have children later, to death happens later.
For sea like Alex and I had a chance of it.
But soon after that, my supernova introduced me to press Alex to talk about his love life.
I was resisting me.
I said, "Sure, he's coming up with guys under your category -- it comes up with a happy head, but it's not like it would marry him."
And then my supermarket said, "Not no, but maybe it married the next one.
Also, the best time to work on the marriage of Alex is before it gets married.
This is what psychologists call a moment "Aha!"
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what was used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign neighborhood was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not just for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of sea futures everywhere.
There are 50 million birds in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think no one comes to the audience without going on before by the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the windows here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with silvers, you love a sea, I remove you the dream a silk, I want to see. Incredible, incredible sensors matter.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments and moments -- that shape their life will have happened to when they have 30 and so much.
People from over 40, they don't train in panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and final stage of growth in its 20s and reproduces for adults, which means that if there is something you want to change from themselves, now is the moment to change themselves.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20 than any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its tone at the same time, and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 are the moment to educate on their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which his daily and common life has an impact on the person who will become the person.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the seats are listening.
newspapers talk about changes in the timeline.
The researchers call the 20 percent extended adolescence.
The journalists are approaching the stores like "Titanic and "Divides?
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial that actually defines the adult.
Leonardo Berlin said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give a stick in your head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole to that person the sense of urgency and ambition and doesn't happen absolutely nothing.
And then every day every day, sexually smart, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as a career starts before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are for finishing and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My quotes during the 20 were like the class game.
They all run and get fun, but then at some point around the 30, the music came off, and they all started to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay stop, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30.
Where's the streets here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme. But you don't wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30, there's a huge pressure to the trains and so many of them to start a career, choose a city, choose a partner, and have two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
A lot of these things are not computer, and there are research that start to show you, which is much more difficult and stressed to do everything at 30.
The media crisis crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
To realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
Many land and squares look at themselves and me, sitting in the room, and talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the seats are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was in their own words, having an identity crisis.
He said I'd like to work on art or entertainment, but I still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a meat.
As it was cheaper -- I lived with a boyfriend, which showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult life, his previous life had even more difficult.
It was often created in our sessions, but then she was raising herself by saying, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma had put his head on his legs and cried for almost all the hour.
I had just bought a new book for directions, and he had spent the whole morning to fill it with his many contacts, but then he was looking at the empty space that followed after the words "In the case of emergency -- please.
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who is going to take care of me if I get cancer?
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say, "I am."
What Emma needed was not a transportation that really was worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit down as the decade of Emma happened in front of it.
So during the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all seven, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and got identity capital.
Through identity capital, I mean to do something that add value to your person.
Doing something that's an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emmonson race, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates capital of identity.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that interface, of that company that you want to prove about.
I'm not cutting out the dry exploration, I'm looking at the exploration that I shouldn't say, by the way, is not exploration.
It's protective.
I told Emma to explore jobs and I would tell them to tell.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are survived.
The best friends are excellent to take the airport to the airport, but the windows that come together with similar minds are limited in terms of who you know, what you know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who will come out almost always comes from their closest circle.
New things come from what's called weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half the seats have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the way that we can tell this group.
Half of the working jobs never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a not published.
It's not cheating. It's science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a sale, Emma will soon choose his family, when he has a partner and formed his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had come.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit on head than 20 or even the 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person with which you live now or you take you right now when everyone on Facebook starts walking into the alien is not progress.
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that means being as intentional in love as you're at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever you can choose to you.
So what happened with Emma with?
Well, we looked at that direction, and she found a quarter of a cousin who worked in a museum of art in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That supply of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized of events in museums.
This married with a man who chose constantly.
He loves his new career, love his new family, and I sent a letter that he said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
Emma story can sound easy, but that's what I love working with sea.
It's very easy to help you.
The seats are like planes that come out of the Los Angeles airport, which come somewhere in the West.
Just before the slow, a slight air in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Mil.
In the same way, at the age of 21, or at 25 and even the 29, a good conversation, a good descendant, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the streets that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alexander.
It's what I now have the privilege of telling you to sentences like Emma every day: The trains are not the new 20, and they collect their adulthood, they get identity capital, use their weak links, choose your family.
They don't let me define why they didn't know what they didn't know.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in management for a work that was even more exactly, the doctor.
I went to teach students to seventh grade students in New York City schools.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and tests.
I give you tasks.
When the job went back, he calculated the grades.
What called me the attention was that the CIA was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance had no collapse of Christian C.C.
Some of my smartest kids weren't going so well.
And that set me to think.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, secure, are hard, proportions, decisions, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during the enough.
After several years later, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivated perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better ways.
Is the CIA but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a fast and easy way?
So I left the classroom and went to college to become a psychology.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging stage, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the Millennium Peace Academy.
We tried to predict what causes they stay in military training and who would come back.
We went to the National Deletion Conservation and tried to predict what kids would move the most far in competition.
So we studied normal teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students' learning?
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, which of these marketers are going to keep their job of work?
And who is going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a feature emerged as a major prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good look, physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was detection.
Determination is passion and perseverance.
Determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to get to their future, day after day, not just for the week, not only for the week, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a market, not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to make my determination questionnaires and then wait over a year to see who they would be graduating in.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate them, even when they put them into every characteristic that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security they felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point or in the Delasion National Council where the detection matters -- it's also in school, especially for children at risk of abandoning it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is the little thing we know, the little thing that science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid job of work?
How do you keep them motivated for the long room?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the talent doesn't give them determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals that are simply not going ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, it is commonly not related or is even related to talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mental.
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Dore, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed.
Dr. Dop has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and growing in response to challenge, they're much more likely to preserve when they fail, because they don't believe that that failure is a permanent condition.
So the mindset of growth is a great idea to develop detection.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest interactions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we need to be willing to fail to fail, and we will be willing to start all over again with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined to make our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a falling called the daughter of a match -- one of my most frightening memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the Chinese character shape.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreign, it seems to be as impressive as the Great Marie Murach.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can run this wall, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the pieces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
An Chinese academic, understanding 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, mental messages, understand the basic idea of the web pages or the newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open your mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
person.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was shouting in a fractal way, "Indian I'm shoulders? This symbol is actually original to the shape of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple door doors in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks so they believe many more characters.
A person.
If someone walks back, that's following."
As the old said, two are company, three are culture.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying "I was like that big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is catching.
It's a prison, such as Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an idea."  Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is pretty identical.
Remember the fire?
Two fire foods, it gets very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that is burned.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two sounds together, prosperous together.
Three together, those are steels.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the shine.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and night.
The sun comes out on the horizon.
One door. Put a table inside the door, is the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did you play there at home?
This person is getting hidden from a door, space, still still.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, having care is adult.
So we've already gone through almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radios will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters building another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundred characters of characters, which is the same thing as an eight year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started to create sentences.
For example, mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the nation.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to the organization, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains stacked one on the other.
In the old China, that meant in exile, because Chinese entrepreneurs would destroy their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, accuracy has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you to go out is a salm.
This is a slide to remind me that I must stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies that I get to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the ozone of Oz together.
The movie mastered his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Galling, of course.
He gave him a nice excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand out.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
Now we live and we create our children in a sort of industrial facility of child fantasy.
However, the Oz magician was an event in itself.
He didn't start that trend.
The trend really took over four years later, curious, another film whose prototypes, a metal boy and a young boy rescued a girl dressed as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the movies we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the ozone magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think that if the Oz magician was done today, the magician would say, "Dorance, you're the salary of Oz as the prophecy.
They use magical shoes to defeat the computer-generated army computers.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Oz magician is that the most heroic characters and wise characters are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
three years.
It wasn't invited to projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the survival level had gone down.  So he woke up in the room and he was impressed as a dead mom with his patterns behind it, and I don't think he would understand what happened, but unfortunately, it absorbs everything.
I wonder what it is.
Would you be value issues, perseverance.
Would you have the feeling that Luke is a military to defeat the government?
Let's compare this with the OK of 1980 magic.
How do you win his movie from?
Do good mirrors with everyone and being a leader.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow OK, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much force F, force in movies for our children, and so little on the way of yellow spinals?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read as much about how kids react to this start.
I know for experience that the Chinese princess doesn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults that is military.  I think at the time of the first kiss I really expected that the credit would start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has done, I have a girlfriend.
Why do you keep standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on defeat the bird and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a stupid animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and it will defend the principles of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they are -- they're not really their public audience.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend against the paradigm, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pathogen.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and anti-conscious as Herman and Katas, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful theme of all time continues to appear in classic after classic -- each of them on the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who were creating a girl.
Until so many of you are thinking, this year, finally it came out.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Do you remember what the criticism said when Valentine came out of it?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a principle.
It's very good. Don't let me stop them."
Well, almost none of these movies is going on the Beat test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet taken roots and it's already spread, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alas Beat is a comic drawing, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend of films about the evolution of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that have to do -- in the movie, is there more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking about each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more besides the child than so much like it?  Okay?  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the cinema that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality movie, Arab.
Right? Rumans of Oslin, success success, a consensus idea of what a quality Hollywood movie is.
Pretty much not the proof of Beatango.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in a program where men and women hide down during the reefs of the rebels.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this school, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, "Come to bed care?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 most popular films, how many of them think they have female protestant?
It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a bigger number that is going to decide this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think music or pornography videos are closely linked to me, but something goes wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think of is that there are a lot of sexual aggressions.
Who are those guys, what are those guys learning?
What don't you get to learn?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the bird with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we doing that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our willingness as a power line, and we hope that it help, but I have to ask, but I have to ask, is it going to be able to protect you if at the same time, active or passively are educating our children to keep their male power make?
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to the parents.
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of male is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the assembly of the archive.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character from "Star Wars you know what he responded?
Okago.
Obama Kenya and Galley.
What are these two in common?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like those kinds of stories for my daughter, and I like those kinds of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want to do less stories where my son is telling my son, and he sees and fight only and more stories where it looks like their work is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people better and be better people, like the Oz magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was looking for sea cookies, because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these containers.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I was used to looking for them.
I started looking at shapes and patterns that helped me to collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and architect.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that I was seeing my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,000 miles of length next to the Nilether.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do a different way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared infrared.
This is a place located in Eastern Egypt of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, at the naked eye, seems to be brown -- but when we use the infrared and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright rose.
What you're seeing are the actual chemical changes of landscape caused by the construction materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians and the activities.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Toy, lost for thousands of years.
It's the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Fahry, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire -- there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Tascaber was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge aluminum planning.
This area is enormous, it measures about six miles per mile.
Before, the fog is flowing right next to The Tasking side, and as he changed over time, it took into the east and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a city bury in an extensive landscape?
To try to find it the random would be the equivalent to look for a needle in a bird, with your eyes sold and using baseball plants.
So we use NASA topographic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the NSA is.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, that we think it might be the location of Tascaber.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing show work, you can see it here.
When I say a show -- it's like the sample sample of ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for human occupation layers.
Five feet down, under a thick layer of life, we found a dense layer of central objects.
This means that in this possible location of Tascaber, five meters down, we have a sense of occupation of several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire -- exactly the same period we think is Tascaber.
We also found jobs of period -- coral, strike and cat -- what proves there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire Rosetta, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense density layer that gives the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Tascametic here, but let's go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire City, probably written in Tascability 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is most of the vocalizations.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED wasn't founded in 1984 D. C.
It made ideas actually started in 1984 to C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the top.
It certainly puts the search for marine seasons in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, front of the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that he's done.
Now they visualize a group of obese nuts in bicycle.
They're competing in a biological nuclear career and they go in direction to their entry door.
I need you to see this really true.
They are stronger permanent, they're suffering, they go through a lot.
And they collide in front of the door of your house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that pass on their side, rains of the wheels that end up in open places -- pass the door of the door.
On the lobby, to the hall, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, the light shining on the Galley of the Galapagos.
He's waving them with your hand.
From his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue fur, making them shortages in the nose.
You can smell the stock cookie and you're about to get into the mouth.
They go on one side and train their living room.
In the room, and making a maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Sarrals.
It's with a little clothes, dancing on his center mess, singing Hitter But Barrier One More Time."
Now follow me to the kitchen.
The soil has been picked up with a yellow brick path and from the oven come to you Doran, the Maliet Man and the Sparter of "The Magic of Okay, shooting from hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States CMU Chemical."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, hoping that this was like the end of a wise supermarket.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were measuring hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorize the names of tens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize more quickly the order of a card bar.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be phenomena.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best entertaining memories.
I said, "Hey, when did you realize that you were a known?
Ed said, "I am not a knowledge.
Actually, I have a average memory.
Everybody who involved from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained to do these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that City used City to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I not hear this before?
We were standing outside the competition room, and Ed -- who is a wonderful and brilliant English English -- although a little bit of a scientist, he said, "Jesus, you are an American journalist.
You know British Spectacular?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I'd like to teach Britney Sarrals how to memorize order in a live naked naked baby on national television.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Speechents, but maybe you can teach me.
You have to start for something not?"
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year, not only training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what their potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man named ED.
He's an ambition, so probably the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Pete. He was based for Dutch Hopkins paper in the film "The Man May."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, reading phone guides -- it was central.
And when I came back, I read a number of treaties about written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Anderson, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and culture was not just as rare as it can seem today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they also have changed.
We have changed culturally and I would say that they changed as well.
As we almost have no need to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of trained memory, disciplined and culture is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not so singularly. There are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it going to have brains in some way, structural or anti-consciously different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they even smarter than the rest of the rest than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually no.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects with them compared to them.
When they put them into a magnetic resonance machine, they scanned their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and forms of snow chairs. They found that in memory champions were lit from the brain, different than others.
They actually used themselves, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something that we could learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as an armed race where every year comes up with a new way of remembering more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors should be put a day.
This is my friend Ben Professor, three times a memory.
In his desk, in front of it, there are 36 bars of deskins left that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only hurt.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 44 digital binary digits.
Yeah.
And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end are reduced to a single concept that psychologists call framed collaborative.
It illustrates with a particular paradox known as the back background." (Audience says this: I say to two people who remember the same word. I say to you, remember there's a man called Baker."
That's his leapons.
And then I ask you, remember there's a "Japanese Bang."
And when I come back later, and I ask them, "Do you remember that word that I told you does a title?
"You remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Bakero is a little bit likely to remember the same word that the person he was told to do is "basically?
Same word, different capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, actually doesn't mean anything for you.
All the other memories they dance for their head.
But the word, "Baby: We know the palms.
They use simple white hats.
They have home in your hands.
They smell good when they come home to work.
We probably knew some panosee.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we began to put active fisheries to find them easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in the Greece old Greek.
It's known as the "standard of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Symbols that assisted a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't get to a DJ: it was hired to a poet.
He stood up on the feet, he records his memory poem, and he was driving, and so soon he went, the bank came out of the bank.
By killing you all.
But not only killed them all, but it destroyed the bodies by letting them record.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So you couldn't bury the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Similarities, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed your eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting every invented.
He took the family family to take them out where their loved ones were loved between the rubble.
What Similarities advanced at that moment is something that we all know about an intuitive or less intuitively, and it is that no matter if we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions by our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I asked you to receive the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simismetrophony, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if I asked you to say who was sitting on the horse parallel horse in your lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy -- free, fragile and absence is the image, more likely to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties in Latin, in Latin, at the first time.
And how does it work?
So let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it of memory, the same way that Cyrus had done if you would have invited it to TEDGlobal 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine they're at the door of your house.
And I would imagine some sort of absolutely ridiculous, crazy image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely unlikely competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the monster of the Galapagos on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you'll see Britney Sarchistants to remind you that funny anecdote you want to count.
And then they went into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that you would talk to would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year and have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word by words, who will confuse them, but typical by the time.
In fact, the term the test comes from the Greek Greek, which means "behavior."
It's a visitor of when people thought about the sentence and the rhetoric with this sort of space terms.
The phrase in the first place, it would be like the first place in his memory paradox.
I saw this was just fascinating and I got out of the full of it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something extremely about this surprise of competitive memory.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a particularly boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting by taking tests -- I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is marketing the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to get in his place.
So I started going 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem. Or the names of an ancient school bone bought in a film market.
And I discovered that this was incredibly entertaining.
I would never expect it to be.
It was fun, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, combinations, providers, insects, abstract and extra inevitable, in the eye of the mind.
I hooked up pretty much with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and some secure security glasses leaving just two holes, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended back back to the same contest that I had covered a year earlier. I had the idea that I could come in, in a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this could be a good role for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build the paradox of memory or memorial barriers to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate gift but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focused deep.
The paradox of memory, these memory techniques are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even true.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing -- a kind of complete attention that most of us don't go through running around there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things get memorable.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today is what ED: the hormone I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what already our short existence will be lost by Blackberries or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks on our side. Are we going to be so hard that we didn't even bother profitable in profound?
I learned from the first hand that there are incredible memory skills in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex subject, so let's just address a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I am from N. Jersey, I was six and I lived there at my parents' home in a village called Limbira, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my dorm was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balance that gave the living room.
And there you all spend the whole thing looking at the telly -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody looked at me. And every time I was going, and I got wrapped back into a towel. Everybody saw me.
And I was like this.
He was a lunch, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that balance, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings that I felt, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, not about zones of zones, but of those visual connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we do.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the American Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
It is, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even notice.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what they are evolved -- you think about power, stability and democracy."
And I know that they think about it for based on a building building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a defense that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection. We've used this trick for a long time, a long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid, front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the urbanisman and the governments and governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways they know they're going to work.
So we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Library of Limbirasses that was finished in 2004, in my hometown, and you know, he's got a dome -- it has this round thing, columns -- red brick -- that let us interview what Living is trying to communicate with this building -- children, property values, history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called library, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the plant.
On one side is innovation -- the architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for current life forms today.
We drive, we drive and we drive so much, that we completely get out of people.
All black, this depressed, you think we feel very well, but we're dead in the inside because we don't have another choice.
We need to go on the other side and come back and connect with those appreciated symbols.
So we do that, and we are all happy, but we are all happy, but we feel like tribes, so we start to experience again -- we make the back of the back of the back, over and over again, so we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called braves."
It has to do with anti-appropriate.
That can be additive.
Small windows in demographic scale.
Really hard something really hard.
So we approached the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the paper back into the other direction.
We take those forms that we know like and we update them.
We add together and we add pastes, and we use new materials.
You love it.
We don't take an abstract.
We take Chaplen schools and we turn them into scars, which can be medieval cases made of glass.
The shapes were fallen, they won in audacity and colored.
The ends became columns in columns.
The filmmakers grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the '80s, that was great.
We all spend the moment in commercial centers, we move to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasy could be the meditation, the French or the Italian.
It's probably a symphony of bread.
This is what happens with posters.
This is what happens to the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we collect memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Toyota.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we started making a set of steep in the other direction.
In the '80s, and in the early '80s, we started experimenting with the demographic call.
We take the historical symbols, we now count with new computer design techniques, and we find new composition -- some ways that are being used against other forms.
This is academic and embryonic, and it's super popularity. You are totally exclusive.
Normally, the performance is going to be a new thing again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Gulf of Billion, from Frank Gehry.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Golding said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academics and public in general, they were completely according to a building.
The New York Times made this miracle construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increased by a 2,500 percent when the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spection.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and radical forms, how are you possible that they become observations around the world?
And it happened, because media became galled around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and terrorists.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the major mayors in the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and terrorists.
This new Millennium begins of the new millennium, with other star architects.
I happened to Zarcia and Liberia, and what happened with these little elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all the architecture, the digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have been walking to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is accelerating? You can take a boat, an airplane, can be tourists.
Technology accessed -- you can see in the newspapers, in the telly -- and at the end, we are all artists of architecture, and the building becomes beyond its physical location.
The architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't have a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings, before you know if I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
Broccoli wasn't a two-year-old movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were determined.
That's never going to happen. I think, because we're in the largest revolution threshold in architecture from the invention of the air or steel or elevator revolution -- and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when the device applies to media, it starts to scale up faster and faster, until they get in both extremes almost simultaneously, and it's effectively drawn to the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you, the public.
Now we can make a lot of instant symbols, emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to substitute this building that was increased.
This is the center of a village called Pines in Fire Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly to the finished product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started coming and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes correlates with collective memory, and when you load these symbols.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think of architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think for a second in those libraries.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet in search for new libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's money.
The money that can lead to the mayor of Limpaus, people in Limbirasse, and tell them that there's no unique response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience it.
It's all different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use laboratory words and complicated drawings, and you're no longer a disappear audience that doesn't accept something that I haven't seen before.
architects can listen, and you don't stop interrupting for architecture.
That means that the dark slope of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different from the buildings today.
This means that a public space in Seven city can be unique and adapt to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick in ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the shapes that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are moving to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or an aging, or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming, in the East River in New York City, and raise half a million dollars from the surrounding community around that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little bar of genes, as muscle and football as the animals that are going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
No matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make buildings more ecological, smarter and more online.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
Find an architect, keep it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
The buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape it until the smallest spaces -- local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the step of the brown to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
He just turned a year and started walking.
And it does it that cool way, typical of the children of a year, through the same as if his body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection of it.
It's laughing and chicken, and it gives itself those big and fear kisses themselves.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all of your friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think, "When stop doing this?
How do we suddenly don't like our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look for Google, "Am I straight?
This is Faizo -- he's 13 years old and lives in Denerty.
And as any teenager -- it just wants to be loved and finishing.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It's got a little bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him all the thing that is beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends, or colleagues of school tell him, don't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of it, and I published it on YouTube, and he asked others to please leave a comment, "Am I nice or do?
Well, so far, Facebook has received more than 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so delicious, it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and currents that receive these answers in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life in their life.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it taking them to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking to me, changing, giving me like I like it, eating sharing sharing, publishing it, this never ends.
Never before we've been so connected, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implanted.
This environment, of being always connected, is embracing our kids to move based on the number of "I like it and the kinds of comments that they get.
There's no division between a living online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what it's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what's digitally manipulated by it.
What is the most disturbing thing in somebody's life versus what is normal in a daily context.
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cut from the news of girls now.
The zero-sum models continue to dominate our passengers.
The technique of the gender is now a routine now.
And trends like, "The palm -- the skin and the liberal and a spinning.
For those of you who know it, openness means programmers.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the surface stars of the sports and the broadcasting singers of the sport.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we surely want our children to grow healthy and be well balanced.
But in an obsessed culture for the image, we're teaching our children to devote more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capacity, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls don't prefer to do something because they think they don't see enough enough to be seen.
These are not trivial activity.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings, and as you contribute to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments. They tend to participate in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see enough good enough, specifically if you don't think you are thin enough, you will get a smaller note to the average of your peers, who don't care about that about appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it gets regardless of what they actually weigh these young people.
So for us to be clear, we're talking about how you look at you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on his body is delighted the academic performance.
And it's also defining health.
Teenagers with low self-esteem do less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more not healthy diet than they can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're in higher risk of depression.
And we think that's all for what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, distances dramatic, aesthetic surgery, sexual relations to early ages and without protection and anger damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is preserving the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have surprised again, regardless of whether or not they have higher rates of absorbing.
17 percent of women don't present a job interview in a day that they don't feel safe with the way they look like.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
releasing this potential is of interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking -- it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms. The first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many good programs, not realizing the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that we follow our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial parties for anyone willing to provide education in body self-esteem that works.
One education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us to take the roots in the issue, and we're a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of as women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the emergence of our politicians in skin cuts or the size of their chest, or to insist that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they look at it.
All of us can start doing it by making responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you were kissing a mirror.
In short, we need to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing their entire person, valuing the individual, the diversity, the inclusion of it.
We need to put people that are actually making the difference in a peripheral.
We're going to make a difference in the real world, let's make them the ones that come out on the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they are never going to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who have in mind?
Is her wife?
A sister?
A daughter to her daughter?
Is it a contrast? Is her friend?
Could it be just the woman who is two seats. What would it mean for her if it was released from that automobile voice in his interior, which is attracted by not having long legs long, much more thin looks, a more flat leg, a more little finger?
What would it mean for her if we knew this, and we would say right to your potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all.
But let's look at our children the truth.
Let's tell you that the way you look at is just a part of your identity, and the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small translators of a year of today, they become agents of safe change of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five, 1990, a gentleman named Elizabeth Now entered a hotel in Manhattan and murder to Rabbi Kamen Kahara, the leader of the Jewish Defense League leader.
Notice initially declared it innocent -- but being paid by other lower charges -- in a company of others, began to plan attacks to about 12 icons in New York, including tunnels, synapses and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant report.
Sadly, the 1939 bomb in the World Trade Center couldn't be avoided.
More late note would be convicted for his participation in that attack.
Elizabeth November is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with a loving American mother, a primary school teacher -- between the two did all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, even most Muslims -- they get to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in every religion, in every human group, there is always a small fraction of people who are terrified so highly to their convictions that think that you have to use all the means that they can all live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained that in the last week, he and some friends had been going to train training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the California store pollution, which, without knowing our group, was selling by the FBI.
When I got to throw up, my father helped me hold my reflection on the shoulder, and I explained how to aim at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet I shot I gave the little orange light on the goal and, for surprise of all, especially me, the whole goal in the flames.
My uncle turned to each other and in Arabic, he said, "In "Indian "bound?
From such a parent, such a child.
At all, the comment gave them a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what it seemed so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted about putting a commodity with 700 pounds of experts in the underground parking parking of the North Trade Center in the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and I had had to run to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "atmosphere," which means you.
When I was 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to make a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable near someone who was a moment of past and going to another city.
As I was always me the new face of the class often was a victim.
It was considered my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, silent and reducing, was enough modern.
So most of the time was happening in home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I don't develop social skills, to say it sure. To grow under familiar, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated by judging people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a university program where I participated in the juvenile National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of juvenile violence -- as I had been a material victim almost all my life, was something I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who we had made friendship, was Jewish.
I took several days to go to light this detail and realized that there was no analysis between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend of mine, and I frankly felt very proud of having been able to beat the barrier that all life had been made to believe that it was infinite.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer work in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in developing my character.
All life had taught me that allogating was a sin and, by extension, all the homosexuals were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critical ones I had seen in life.
Having been accompanied by a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat people kind, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could tell the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is about being homosexuality, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Dallas Show."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me totally honest about my intuitions, and he helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my pattern at a moment in which I was desperately doing it.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected -- and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extreme, was not in vain.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something to consider my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with my eyes tired of somebody who has suffered enough with endless dominance and said, "I'm tired of hearing?
At that time, I realized how much negative energy needs to keep all of that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zappie Erright.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put me into a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that someone, some day, who is trying to bring violence, can hear my story and understand that there's a better way -- that even though I was confronted to this violent and international ideology. I didn't get to get fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, by the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to speak against those meaningless actors, as I reject my father's actions.
With this simple simplicity I expose here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents from their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you all.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point, there's a film that is projected in your minds.
It's an incredible multi-million film.
It's in 3D, and it has surface sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has arms, taste and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your famine, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, like moments of your childhood who are projected to your eyes.
And it's constantly a super-served voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in a direction.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you and you and you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a conscious consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time is the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films, right?
Why are we not just robots that we get to produce results without experiencing the inner movie in the internal?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible for a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective for nature.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the 20th century, I press that vision.
psychology was studying the behavior of obvious, neuroscience studied the brain obviously, but never ever mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Neurobiologists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Perusho said, "Now it's time for science to deal with consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion, a figure of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations so far.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the search of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansastina presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of looking at faces or to feel pain or to feel happy.
But this is still a science.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain types of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want it to explain consciousness. The questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It's not going to offend neuroscientists to neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't tackle the real central mystery of this matter, why do you all physical process in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal movie from?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like behaviors, like the humans, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical developments are all cases of emerging behaviors -- how the behaviors operate -- how the hurricane works, how the hurricane they work, how they reproduce and adapt and metabolize living organisms. They're all questions about objective function.
That could apply to the human brain to explain some behaviors and function of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk about, how we play chess -- all of these are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied with a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the emergence -- the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the leadership that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in the pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stand at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We used to this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're conscious.
We don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific vision in the world.
I think that consciousness, right now, is kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate our worldview of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before I can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there's no hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything that needs to explain.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reduced consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promise.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental laborers, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These laws and properties don't explain in terms of nothing more basic.
In the contrary, they consider to be fundamental, and that's where the world is built.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is all over.
In the 19th century March discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental printing concepts -- space, time, mass laws of Newton -- then I put the basic laws of electronics, and I put electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws will governance.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental interesting ideas, space, time, mass, charge -- then for a matter of logic, you have to cut the list.
The most natural thing would be to position consciousness itself as a fundamental steel, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the way to make it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can install them in a regime.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can install them in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we see.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision is sometimes called specialists, "Dan for everyone, proposition by mind, every system is conscious, not just the humans, the dogs, the mouses, the flies -- even microbes from Rob King, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of distress when he thinks "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the robots."
No, no.
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of crude feeling -- subjective feeling -- some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How did anyone think such a crazy thing?
So in part this comes from the first crazy idea that consciousness is critical.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to us, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to the physical process is to link awareness with information.
There is always information processing, there's consciousness.
complex information processing as a human being, complex consciousness.
Process of simple information, simple consciousness.
A very exciting thing is that in recent years of a neuroscientist, Gianistan Tony, took this kind of theory and development with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called Philip, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of China, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a half a half a half of information integration -- equal really significant degree of very important consciousness.
But when you get to the worms -- microbes, particles, the phone of Ph.D.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In the theory of Tonia, there will still be a level of different consciousness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of philosophy, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that psychologists can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
The physicists and the philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about the reality that underlies below.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where does the fire of equations?
From the parallel vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically -- describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not found out of the physical world as a kind of adoption.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, particular vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and it can have some pretty serious social consequences.
Some can be plant.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then it should be vegetable.
If you're a paradise and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think that thinking about it, this tends to transform your vision, whereas what matters in terms of ethical terms and moral consciousness, it's not so much the fact that consciousness and their importance and its complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the American artificial intelligence system in the Home Home?
Is it conscious?
According to the view of particular information, she has a complicated information processing processing, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, that's pretty serious ethical problems about the ethic development ethic of smart computer systems and the ethics of them.
Finally, you can ask for the whole collective consciousness of the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, right now we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal movie for this whole group of TED, different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that has to take seriously.
So this paralyzed vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea that consciousness is a fundamental thing, which is a universal thing.
The vision raises many questions, many challenges, like, how those pieces of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love it.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we finally will be able to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria.
I had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I met my friends, I kept my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up with my parents because I wanted to name it for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She has actually no other hands?  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile in my mother's hair and spent a lot of time looking at the "Bush Value and Daddies Creature?
Yeah, I know. What contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as an achievement if we take the disability out of the equation.
Years later, I was in the second part of the teaching in the school of Melacina, just after about 20 minutes in the class 11 of legal studies a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your speech?
I said, "What discouragement?
Well, I had been talking about the law of data for about 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair are talking about inspiring things in school?
Usually in the act of actions."
And it was then when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disability like inspiration objects.
And we don't are. And it's not the fault of the boy, which is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manufacturers.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair -- and you probably are waiting to inspire you. Right?  Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to tell you pretty much.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they've been in relation to disability.
Yes, they've sold us the lie that disability is something wrong, and to mass, Mayor Massachua.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not a bad thing and it can't make it exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad activist."
Or this one: "Your excuse is invisible?
Or this other, before I get out, the intellectual before?
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the hands with no hands drawing with a pencil support by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with prosthetic legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the portable term deliberately because they match a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we match the disabled.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, that's why my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the story of the number of times that I've been laughing strangers to want to express you think I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to wake up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is cooperating.
These images, those images match people with disability in benefit of people without disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We have some things.
But the things that we know are not the things that you might think.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term "profits disabled, deliberately because I subscribe to the social model of disability that tells us that we are more disabled, because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
It makes things that I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of its ability as well as you do, and that's what happens to the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're just using their bodies by getting the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to focus on the way we do it, by sharing those pictures?
When people tell us, "You're a source of inspiration that tells you as a comment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us intelligent.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here by driving the inspiration, and you think, "Oh God, Steve, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
So learning that this is a great idea to use some battery posts to collect the things that they fall over.  Learning the clever tricks of how to charge the battery of the mobile phone in the battery battery.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that is exceptionally constructed.
I really think that that lie that we've sold about disability is the biggest insuraction.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote, "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that that is lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a street street has never done it to become a area.
Never.   So smile to a television screen will not be able to appear the subtitles for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and conducting a positive attitude to turn all those books into the brace.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Bulb the Save Vaciency is not aware of nothing for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get away from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree of 11 degree school is not a little surprising that his new teacher is a wheelchair.
disability doesn't make us extraordinary, but questioning what you think to know about what it does do so.
Thank you.
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football with the empathy?
And what is the average speed of a color without card?
Unfortunately, today only to answer one of those questions, so please don't destroy.
When people think about augmented reality, they think about Minister Report, and in Tom Crusane adding your hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
And augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, it's what I have been -- the Google Glass.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glassons are a device that lets you see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is being a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game field to 160 miles away, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 10-year-old man chasing us, trying to stop us with all of them.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what is to use the Google Glass under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NASA practice, because the idea of the neuron of emerging technology is a submarine going up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klaur: Let's go.
It's horrible to be recorded.
A moment. Let's zoom in.
Prepared?
Go!
Chris Klaur: As you can see, it's a probability of what is being taken in the football field from the technical perspective.
You'll have realized that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, corresponds at the University of Washington.
Earth Marshall: mice. 52 500-performance.
Blue 8, Blue Ei."
Chris Klaur: This is a little bit more to the feeling being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NASA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, be their favorite players, and you've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter, you can see from the angle of a market market.
Or a coral correct?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get rid of filled with it? How do we take it to the next level.
We take it to that level using something called Opposites Richard, which surely many of you know.
The Optiment Rice has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to teach you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no! I don't want to keep playing playing." No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain to fear for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we recorded an Adrianne Peter video crossing the line, getting rid of a tape with the arm before you run and make an ants) What will be the experience of a fan.
When it can be Mosebul running through the box, throwing the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Fed doing a shot in Window?
What will be your experience when it descended from a mountain to more than 100 miles as an Olympic space?
Maybe you increase the sales of paralysis for adults.
But this is not still augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, R.
How do we achieve augmented reality, RISD?
We will reach the augmented reality when the coaches and the migrations and the owners look at what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parties?
Because they always use technology to gain.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here is a brief round of technology at NBA.
In 1965, the Ports Ports put a magazine to their field market to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, NASA placed radio in the hull of the field markets and after the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine you are a player coming back to your group and you see your next player shown in front of you, in a plastic tour that you take in front of you, you won't have to worry about forget a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They just go into the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose parties you lose you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manipulation of stress strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the high of the people that are down.
You also get information from the sensors and the accelerators -- something that's already working already.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will be able to send it.
The bad people will have information off.
This will differentiate the good teams of the bad.
So your computer team will be as important as your recovering, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
It will also be for sports. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that you're the field market.
You get the ball and back.
You look for an open receptor -- suddenly a floor in the left part of your bombsight is advanced to you that a defense behind you is going to attack you.
You move to the protective area.
Another floor applies you there is an open receptor.
You toss the ball, but you get dead.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in his visit a grass area that lights up and can modify the race.
It shows up, catching the ball, running and searching.
The audience is accompanied and the fans have followed the game from every angle.
This is something that creates massive emotion on the side.
It will make a lot of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
And it augmented to be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it only as bread and circus as our heart entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports legs.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show you how harmful their actions are their actions from the perspective of victim perspective?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it looks like being persistent?
How much is it worth for a Computer Commandment or a Neil Detroitte Toyotages trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of triangle and Karas's notes?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions we make, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, depend on, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retire myself after 23 years of service at the High Pattern of California.
And most of those 23 years I spent the stream of the south of the Marine County, which included the Golden Gate bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, which is known globally by their beautiful views from San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and his inspirational style.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Goldman Gates Bridge was open in 1933.
Joseph Streets, head engineer commissioned to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is practically on suicide test.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probability."
But from his openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to death from that bridge.
Some of you believe that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified as such, so that the fall of it releases you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that are going on below you will clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one degree of four to five seconds, the body costs against water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which drill vital organs.
Most of them die in impact.
The ones that don't normally fall in the individual water and then get off.
I don't think that the people who put this suicide method realize the death of the death that you're going to face.
This is the cable here.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 particular steel inches to the bridge.
This is where most people are in order to take care of life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and at the darker time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man spoke to an officer by contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the barrier.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who put the suicide, but the officers too.
We've traveled a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new officials today.
This is Jason Garrett.
I met him on July 22 of last year by getting a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the coal near the center.
And I said, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official God Gates.
Jason was only 32 years old, and I had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here two times before New Jersey to try and stay from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason and asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
Remembering the Greek mythology Zeanse, Zealand created Paralle, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "Never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Palestine, and she opened the box.
And he came out of plans, penguins, and all sorts of bad things against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope?
It stopped some instants, leaned on the right, and it left.
This lovely and intelligent guy in New Jersey had just taken out of life.
I talked to Jason parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason parents had asked them.
The political damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
And I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved the substance of successful?
What would you say?
Did you know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to speak, but you have to listen.
Listening to understanding.
Don't discover, guilty, or tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
It's just going to be there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask the question is, "Okay, in similar circumstances you've thought about finishing your life. Have you had these thoughts?
Control the person in front can save the life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to look for -- despair, believe that things are terrible and that they're never going to improve -- impossible, believe that there's nothing you can do about this: recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it is with her permission and blessing that I read them.
"Hi, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go through the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite insected, but by noticing more moments to realize that Mike won't come home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the 49 with his father on January 19.
He never got there.
I called the Peter police, and I reported it as a disappeared night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported me that Mike car was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge at 1850 in the afternoon of the day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who has not been wrong without suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
GG: The Goldi Gates Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemeteries.
Good luck this week, Victoria.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and cut the way his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call by a substantial subject on the sidewalk of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle up and looked at this man, Kevin Berglanda, standing in the sidewalk.
When he saw me, I immediately crossed the railing barrier, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the next and a half, I heard as Kevin talked about its depression and desperate.
Kevin decided that day to go back to that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did it make you go back and give the hope and the life of life?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I hear me.
I let me talk and just listen to you."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the Kevin mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read them.
"Dear Law British, nothing erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin is still with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was changing for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medicating.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months, completely unconscious of all those hydrogen traits -- but thank God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We give God for you.
Simplify with you, Navigle Berkeley."
And at the end she wrote, "P.C. when I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you figure out like the patient.
"I know I did have it solve."
Today, Kevin is an active father and an active member of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that his story inspired others.
Supercomputer is not just something I've found myself at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider the suicide, they wouldn't think to hurt another person.
They just want your own pain to go.
Typically, this is only about three ways -- sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and called suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jasta.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final performance, I looked at me, and he said, "Levin, I sorry, but I have to go."
And he jumped out.
Horrible, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people that we get to contact in that bridge don't suicide.
In addition, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one they left on the side of the gang realized they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I say to people, the bridge not only connect Mario with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that each and each of us must strive for doing.
Supercomputer can prevent you.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you want to be what you don't are, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question would love you, how do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had ever had from a girl.
My outside finally matched my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, which I'm going to refer to later when I look at this picture -- I think -- Gando Gangues, you get it, you get it.
But the October Ocean, I discovered that, you know, I'm starting to go.
We all have our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the courage to liberate up, to get rid of the limitations tax by the color of the skin or the beliefs of who surrounds us.
These are people who always defy the status quo -- which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even, ignore my story.
I think this paradigm is called revealing.
This is mine.
I was recorded as a child at birth because of the appearance of my genius.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always carried this shirt on the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to automatically automatically.
The gender has always been considered investigated fact, but now we know that, actually, it's something more complex and mysterious, actually.
Because of my success, I never dared to share my story, not because I think I'm going to be a bad thing, but because of how the world deals to those of us who want to release.
Every day I appreciate being a woman.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess of the stones.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me -- this is the kind of woman I would like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, I met this woman called Twitter.
It's the director of a conservative beauty of beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty competition?
He told me that if she participated she was running out of the inspiration and the vehicle, and that night, he won in a bathroom suit, he won in a collar suit, and he was third finance between more than 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty theory.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was about a brain of beauty of transparent women, but I can.
I also met the diameter of the describes, especially when we went to remote provinces of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001 my mom, I had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request from the green card that I could go live to the United States.
I was resisting.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm getting divers.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a brain area."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the generation of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested I put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at 19 years.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand, they actually do the most prestigious and safe surgeries of the status.
At that time, in the United States, it was necessary to do the surgery before we change the name and the gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of George and the CEO of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a train, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignity.
Suddenly, my fears were minimized.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman of mine Allen Newtonians.
A young woman from New York who was worth living his truth, but who was disappeared, he was finally paying his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we make a global surveillance for the Central Dead Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long history of people who fought and stood in front of the injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia Rover.
Today, at this same moment, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing it, so that someday there are no more surveillance of November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: George, a quick question.
George Rock: Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my benefits.
to my support network, my parents especially, my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the time I've been attending young women laughing, who I've come in, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, he called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, other not. It's just gender identity, that's what is at the center of what we are, right?
That is, we all get a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table the subject that sometimes that same same marriage doesn't block, and that there should be a space that allows people to automatically, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transgender movement is starting compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
It should have been understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all be my allies.
KS: Thank you. Thank you. GB: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were held in 2011, when their efforts were homeless in 2011, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the story of injustice -- inequality, violence and exploitation.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, just from the beginning, when a little girl, their birth doesn't celebrate it.
It's not followed, not by his father, not by his mother.
The neighborhood comes to the mother and no happy to the father.
And a mother was overwhelmed by having a girl.
When it gives birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When it gives birth to the second daughter, it comes out, and with the hope of a son, when he students his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only mother suffers but the daughter -- the newly born daughter -- when it grows up, it suffers too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, she stays home and school admit to his brother.
Up until the age of 12 years, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and it can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into the adolescence. When I was 13 years old, it was predicted to come out of his house without a male activist.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the so-called honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you transfer the code of that honor head, it could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumption code of honor, not only affects the life of a girl, also affects the life of male members of family.
So this brother sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor of honor.
And there is a rule more than the patriarchal societies called obesity.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very sampled.
It's the criterion of it.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and he accepts the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly even if it doesn't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be unlikely to be unlikely.
If you take it very young, it has to accept it.
Otherwise, they would call it defense.
And what happens in the end?
In the words of a poetry, "The step "came in, and then gives birth to more children and daughters?
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, he increases the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to their children.
And this vicious circle continues and on.
dear brothers and sisters, when Malaysia, and for the first time, believe me, I didn't like the newly born ones, to be honest, but when I was there and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt incredibly honored to me.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi de Mahware, and I called my daughter so for her.
But when I looked at it, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I took a line from my name, and I wrote, "Marian."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I admit her in my school.
So you might wonder, why should I mention the administration of a girl in a school?"
Yes, I have to mention it.
They can do it for sitting in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the private societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for child life.
Instead of a school means the recognition of his identity and his name.
An issue to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was making the Canadian visit, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the apples of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That's why I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the sanctity of my daughter.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage it to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to instill them in your personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've had all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
It uses education for employee.
I teach my daughters, teach students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called shelter.
dear brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It's called the satisfaction.
That means a complete denial of the participation of women in all political activities, economic and social.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the young girls and the killer singers.
They suffered millions, but a few of them talked about, and it was terrifying to have these people who kill and return when you speak for their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, malaria came up and raised by the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, he offered herself for the New York Times, and I talked about every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spread as a climate around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and 9 in October 2012, and they fired her to beard in the head.
It was a fateful day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was drinking between life and death, he whispered my ear to my wife, "I need to blame for what happened to my daughter to your daughter?
And it was kindly said to me, "Please don't blame you.
It depends on fair cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of the truth, by the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired by you and joined you.
They both were on the right path and God will protect you."
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask him again.
When Malawi was in the hospital and he had severe pain pains and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained ...
I used to say, "I'm okay with my slinger sentence and with the excitement in my face.
I'm going to put it right. Please don't worry.
It was a consultant for us, and we were constantly.
dear brothers and sisters have learned from her how to resist at the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children and women -- it's like any 16 year-old girl.
I cried when he didn't end his task.
He fights up with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special in my tutor that has made so audacious to evil so brave and expressive and economic?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask what I didn't do.
He didn't cut their wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Moschen group, from Google, where I've had a divide to my burden -- the visualization of Google X, but all the work that I'm talking about today about brain science, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you get to a brain operation, you know.
Do you still know intelligent or not?
If you won't be so, can you be smart.
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what a number to take, more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mix of chemicals, and try to get them to stay alive.
More than once I've been saved by little.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided I would experience to try and get the optimal doses because there's really no clear map that says it in detail.
I started trying to test with different mixes -- and I was surprised by seeing how little changes in the doses changed dramatically my autonomous, my sense of who I was, my thinking of my thinking with each other.
A particularly impressive case for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a young man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always funny, I thought all the time in the sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met several types like this, or maybe some of the very scary versions of it.
It turned out like an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be articulate.
In fact, I was trying to fix a problem that I had in front of it, and it just doesn't happen like that.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my doses.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through -- since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when I adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and so forth, it was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thinking -- my flow of ideas.
I tend to think about almost always images, and that became my point of key reference: how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to want? Try to prove new ideas and recovery situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
Philosophers like Hum, Descarters and Howards look at things similar way.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are people who question this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works, and to me is simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So after several years, I managed to find the point right and I have a lot of great mental images, really visually, very sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use your imagination only to steer the world that is in front of the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to get this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments made by two groups that are stuck in neuroscience.
They both use MRI technology, imagine by functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by George Gandhians and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The average column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as he imagined -- seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by tracking the contents of the central column on the left -- you see that the difference is almost number.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost number.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is the lab of Jack Galapage in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves into recyclable visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos as their brains were scanned to create a big brain reactions in the brain to video sequences.
Then you showed them a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was recorded as it was.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scanner and decided it to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the computer devices and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us based.
We're well close to it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image and when you imagine that same image, you believe in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the largest resolution systems of higher resolution available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How did we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't offer myself for that.
Many of them are providing new techniques of projection for images -- even me, by telling the recent result of the MRI first, we need to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets -- but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, don't increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger images, let's make better magnets in it.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different backgrounds, like making a spectrum.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in MRI were to make really big magnets to make really, right?
However, most recent advances in the research of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and decode, in the transportation and the radio radio frequencies in the MRI systems.
At turn, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns attached to the France radio frequencies.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio frequency patterns, we can actually increase the information that can be extracted in a single scale.
Also, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create increases in the thousands we need.
By using the MRI we should be able to measure not just the fluid of blood blood, but the hormone and nervous hormones that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity. This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go over the language and communicate directly by thinking about it?
What would we be capable?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of the human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be interesting to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and diseases similar disease.
We have a few more options to open this door.
Anyway, do you choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it's going to take much more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have guns.
His closet, maybe it is to tell some person for the first time you love it or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any difficult conversation that you have gone through in life.
Every student is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can really vary together, the experience of living and out of that armed is something universal.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working at the South Side Wallar Capital, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the little light military -- not to scratch my algerias, quote the letters of Ann D France like a lens.
And I'm going to be feeling that by the Dutch of my short screen, and I had advanced my head recently, and I would ask me usually a little kid -- "Hey, are you a kid or a girl, or a girl.
And it would appear an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a back of Arabic.
The father incredibly would handle the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold, look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and it was going on inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, again.
"Are you a kid or a girl.
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and I was about to enter the female issues on the table.  I had the Betty Free quote.
The quote of Gloria Steven.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues" to show you.
And so I breathe down and down, and I went down to my back, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist double, just a little girl with a question: "Are you a kid or a girl.
And so I breathe in a lot of back and I set up about it, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I have the short hair like a boy, and I see a child clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like to use a pink dress and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pile.
Well, I'm more than a little girl from a comfortable pile."
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite pile is violent and it has a fish.
Can you give me a pick, please?
And that's it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the passenger that I asked?
It was the easiest conversation of everybody ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the park and I, both of us were honest with each other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some of my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be an archive.
But within the dark, you can't know what color is walls.
You only know how one feels living in a closet.
That's how my arms is not different from your or your own or your own.
Sure, I'm going to give you 100 reasons why I'm going to get out of my closet, and it was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relevant.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain to someone who has been told in broken bank is harder than telling you that it's been denial?
Who can tell me that this story that I think is harder than telling your five year-old son that you're going to get divorced?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop rating what it's difficult to do with respect to what hard for another person to make us feel better or worse relative to our arms and we need to only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they may make sense of security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what their walls are made -- a stream is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress.
It wasn't the military lesbian prepared to fight any four year-old child who would enter the coffee.
I was frozen by fear in a corner of my dark school building my big gay, and moving just a muscle is the most scary thing ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world turned around to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't release that big, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the guys between the guests knew that I was gay, and I made my honor labor labor, in my black dress and tangs walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents were, people who were known to me.
And after speaking a moment, one of the women screamed. I love Nathan Lany."
And the gay story battle had begun.
Ask, did you ever be in the Case?
"Well, yeah, the truth is, we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fabulous."
"As you know my American statistical Antarctic?
It's very good, and it's never talked about having a nose."
"As, what is your favorite TV program.
Will our favorite program. Will and Grace.
And you know who love us? Jack does."
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, discovered, but in hopes of showing desperately his support, to make me know that I was on my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shapes."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as they have all the big landscapes.
Sure, it might have been easy to indicate where they felt like.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were fun.
And what else can you ask someone, but will it be fun?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
It's like the hard conversations remain without being my strong point.
Ask anyone who I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Pine of Pass.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it involves coming out of any armed is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armorality. Be yourself.
That girl in coffee had no armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be genetic, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be directly. Just give it. Range your parks.
If you know they're gay, you give it.
If you say to your parents that maybe they could be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
They never apologize for that.
And some of them can go out of safe wounds that they have done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed. But something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find yourself in a dark closet, building a big, you must know that we've all been there before.
And they may feel very alone, but they don't.
Thank you, Bob. Enjoy the vehicle.
Intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence, a productive example has been the famous quote of Separator Discare that the question of whether a machine can think of it as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim."
When Professor Discare wrote this he did it as a criticism to computer pioneers like Alan Turkish.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you're from an alien race, which you don't know about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of Earth or intelligence on Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that it doesn't have any concept of intelligence on Earth, they would see forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to some time in time, the asteroids that are demonstrating the surface of a planet that is very much stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that understanding the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I conducted several years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines that were sitting in, I think, towards a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
For example, for example, there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be still adapted to the development of intelligence, and, in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there have been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, from doing a number of years ago, is there a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one and a half for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action or keeping the open options, with a force Twitter, with the diversity of the future accessible future, yes, to an impending future time, it said.
In a nutshell, the intelligence doesn't like to stay attracted.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How productive is it?
predicts the level of human intelligence?
Is artificial intelligence predicts artificial?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or interface, during their life should have a tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that textile connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship more deep?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
In order to find out, we've developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that is in the inside.
Amazingly, English was able to spend multiple animal intelligence, play human games, and even make money trade action, all of it would have been invited to do that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Just like a hunter of foot without falling out, here we see engineering equipped automatically a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave English a goal.
He just decided for her to balance the poster.
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human care.
This ability of tool use will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate by taking out of extreme opportunities of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see English can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Entire is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a population game against itself, including its potential for play.
So here we see English organizing new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the network with success.
This ability of network orchestra also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see English organizing the routes of a barrier flower, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the global level of the world to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to astronomical defense problems, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see English spontaneously discovering and running a shopping strategy, selling in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under its exponential management.
This ability of risk management will have broad applications and safe.
Alex Services: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all derive from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
So let's go back to the beginning of the term robot, the work "Regast? There was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
The machines will get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of the cyber rebellion to the investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then members and they try to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the one of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually emerge directly from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
I often ask me, "How do you look for goals to get away from this kind of face?
My equivalent to that statement to go through the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence, or to help us understand human intelligence, is this: The intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the conquer of stars and losing the planet we call home."
Although, in the last few years, we have expanded our knowledge of how Earth in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which points to the Earth is only one between billions of planets from our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous intensity of stars when planets go through them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes in.
The data picked up by Kepler show the size of planets besides the distance of the distance between them and their stem star.
So this helps us to understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
In turn, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this potentially livable world, our own planet is burning under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the hottest recorded.
glaciers and sea ice that have been with us from millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused on the global scale have been rapidly supported our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, and I'm not anthropologist.
It studies the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the installating sector.
Now, as a very interested person in the pursuit of life in the universe I can tell you that the more I look for planets similar to Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the newly discovered planet and planets that we know better -- the ones of our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rocket, and despite being a little further from the Sun, you can consider a potentially livable world showing this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it is possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly this is why we studied Mars.
Our Rovers like "European transform their surface to look for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MIT mission, take samples of marine atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their skill.
private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us of the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pigmentes compared to the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the presence of the desert areas of our planet that are still for collaboration, really extraordinary places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and higher places on Earth the air is fresh and replicating oxygen silent by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets dragged with a big and sad planets -- the implications and belief of some that Mars will expect to save us from this influenced self-destructive infrastructure that we know is really habitable the Earth.
And so I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but saying that Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party will actually be a place later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the goals for international exploration and land preservation is not contributed.
No, they're actually faces of the same common, the goal of understanding and preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world as alien planets.
Just get closer at home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and inhabitant areas of the Earth, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- Ferrise paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked -- considering that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life existence so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become technological enough to consider to keep living between the stars, they lose the notion of the important thing to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only interplanetary colony will save us of ourselves, but the planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I wrote my own house.
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So I quickly tried to open up all the other doors and windows and they were all good closed.
I thought about calling a war, at least I had my cell phone, but the midnight, a center could take a long time to get a lot of time to come in, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe on the next morning, and I wrote my passport and my suitcase.
It would turn out expensive, but I sure not more expensive than a meter at night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I was just standing in.
I'm a professional neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
It releases corters that increases heart rhythm, modulate levels of adrenaline and the thinking.
And when I got to the forest of manufacturing in the airport, I realized that I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something I could do, systems that I could put in their place, that prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that they minimize the probability of being a total catastrophe of it.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't cried.
I was focusing with my colleague Danny Kansa, won from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed told him that I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called prostitution representation.
It's something he had learned from psychologist Gary Klee, who had written for a few years before, known as well as the press.
They all know what's post-conflict.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the press, as Danny explains it, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might be wrong, next, trying to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk to you is some things that we can do in the form of a premise.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will determine a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science supporting this thesis based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypothetical, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the fish are, where the fish are, which supports fruit trees, where the tribes and the enemies live.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is embedded in London.
It's the part of the brain that allows squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the smell of the streams and they still could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism from the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing car keys, laws of reading and passport.
So at home they do a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular picture.
For their reading gas, a particular mission.
If you go into a place and they're spread with it, you will always be there when you look at them.
What about trips?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit card, driver's license, and you send it for mail for themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can be easier to be sustainable.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the brain releases colors.
Cortex is toxic and intervened thinking.
So part of the premise practice is to recognize that under stress, we will not be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems on their site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved being, to help you with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is wrong as a prize for all of us from medical decisions, and in fact for the decision-making of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you need to take from a rational assessment of the facts.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high.
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack to the heart, spill apart.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to pick up a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol -- a statue."
And maybe you've heard about the status, and you know that it's one of the most recycled drugs in the world today. It's even likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, I collect the status."
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistic that is supposed to be asked from which most doctors don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number required to treat.
And what is this, the NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And it must think what kind of discovered statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't get me something if I wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the fault of the doctor, and if it's guilty of somebody, it's scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms very well.
But the estimates of Glimal that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number required to treat the most widely recognized, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before it helps a person?
300 300.
This is according to the research of cynical researchers and Chemical Regreason and Pamela Harrict, confirmed independently by Belother.
I explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack, or brain spill or another adverse event.
Now you might think, "Well, one probability in 300 of my cholesterol will come down.
Why not don't doctor, Demo the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for one more statistics, and it is, "The side of the side effects -- right?
For this particular medicine, side effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things -- the development of muscle and articulate pain -- particular pain, but now they think -- "The five percent is not very likely for me to still take the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that low stress don't think of clarity.
So think of how they use this over time, so you don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take drugs, right? A person has helped you, five percent of the 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get rid of the drug that you help your drug.
I don't say they should or not take the material.
I just say that you must have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the principle of informed consent.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
Maybe you're thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value value, but actually this number required to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that is done in the older men in 50, the expression of prostate per cancer, the number required to treat is 49.
This is, 49 surgeries for a person who has helped it.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the impact or the critical dysfunction -- urinary intelligence, religious farming, fecal connection.
And if you get lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just just just a year or two.
So the idea of the prize is to think before the questions that you can pretend to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, do you want a more short life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change opinion in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases colors under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face in face with a predator. It doesn't need the digestive system, or the book or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to a report. They could be the lunch of lions so that none of it matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic, like Danny Kansatian and his colleagues have shown us.
So we need to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all defects.
We are all going to fail at the time.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be, to put systems in the place that will help you minimize harm, or to prevent bad things to happen in the first place.
I was giving back at night of snow in Montreal -- when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered -- and lots of mail messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: piano, "Pain is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing sure.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a prime on the screen, you need to play more substantially.
Two paintings, even more safe.
Four pound, extremely smooth pain.
This is my drawing of a pound tree, there you see it no matter how many thousands and thousands of pounds can have never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the Asha, besides a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came over the 1980s, and over the time of time, it mixes with local signs, and it developed the language that we know today as ASC.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're actually in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following their rules and compositions, behaviors and standards without questioning them.
So how do I understand the sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my alternatives and they amplify sound.
Learning and copying that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I learned, for example.
"Don't read the door."
"Don't make a lot of noise when you eat the part of the potato papers."
"Don't error, and when you're eating you, I will not bring the covers into the plate."
This is all called sound tax tax."
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does it.
I am super surveillance.
And I'm always waiting for the sound of sound, which is about coming next.
From there, this picture.
TBP: To decide for me.
Thank you to keep going.
Thank you for announced.
You can see that the plant has no notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and apples.
In the deaf, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "Plantaton at AIDS.
A typical plant has five lines.
However, to me, making the self with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resident there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was auditorium.
Now sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to spread more than art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that I had taught myself as to sound, I decided to leave it and describe it.
I started to create a new job of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was ancestry, it was some of a head person.
And the sound is so powerful that well could be used to me and my artistic job, or I could be properly.
I chose that I would be shocked.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And only because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me as well as the same and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different performers from ASC.
And their voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking for their voices, I'm able to keep a temporary way of value something like taking a loan with a very high rate of interest.
If I didn't continue with this practice, I feel that I could get rid of the forgotten and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and Ashan.
For example, a musical note cannot be captured and expressing in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept at Atlanta.
The two are very space and highly models that means that subtle changes can affect all of the meaning as much as the sounds like sound.
I would like to share a metaphor from the piano, so they understand better how ATM works.
So, imagine a piano.
The Atlantic is divided in many different gravitational parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger while you touch the piano, as the facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape of your hand and so on, as the piano, the English is a linear language, as if you hit just one keyboard at once.
However, the Atlantic is more like an accident, you need the 10 fingers in a similar way to express a clear concept or an idea at Atlanta.
If only a keyboard would change the chord to create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with the music in terms of tone and time and volume.
In Asha, by using these different gravitational parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal is "finding it."
This is the sign sign in that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at me.
Oh, they got me.
Oh Oh.
What are you looking for?
Oh, short."
So I got to think, and if I see ATMA through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it again and again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the dance sign and the sun comes out and puts it.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it visually looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you about all night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this picture.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of nights -- "OK, "Design "and "The night?
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ASC and how the body distance can express changes over time.
For example, one house. It's a hand, two hands -- it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time."
Then passed -- "The Password -- "The Lamp and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once, "Once once."
"The Common time is a musical term with a specific pace of four times for companies.
However, when I see the word "Monkey Time," I think automatically at the same time."
Look at MDD: right hand -- MA: hand.
We have the pedestrian through the head and the chest.
(Music: MT: The "check "bound? (Music, "grass "beam? I'm going to show you a shape of my hand called "band flag."
Can you do it with me?
All with your hands in high.
Now we're going to do it as much in your head as the chest.
Yeah, very good.
That means "love in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I would like to show you is this: Please do it again.
And now this.
It means colonial at AIDS.
Now, the third one, please.
And again.
It's in the Ashan.
We're going to do the three together.
"For "behavior," colonial and the limitation."
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the Actor is alive and price, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very subtle world.
And only because the Atlantic doesn't have sound, automatically doesn't have social value.
We need to start questioning what defines social value and allow the Atlantic to develop their own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a society more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn AK: not that you have to hear to learn music.
The ASC is a rich treasure. I would like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, they can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Deneat Kalaiva! Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can do it everything, but then you have to clean it up.
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or a bubble of ignorance I have to say, because adults lie to us to protect ourselves from the horrible truth.
By getting older, I learned that adults also excite and that they're not very good at cleaning each other.
The time I spent time, now I'm an adult and teaching citizen and invention at Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait for my students to walk through the beach with a lot of garbage.
So as good citizens, we cleaned up the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but today more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's something spectacular.
And in the last decades, we've been coming out with these big bubbles and networks to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boat.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we were trying to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We began to build this assistant height of advanced labor so that very low children can also participate.
And I'm going to tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools are really cool and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and reduce it to the size that we find in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragment.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take an image of this plastic -- kids are really excited about robots.
And then we created quickly what we call a prototype."
We are so fast in creating prototypes that we ended up before lunch.
And we transform light and web cameras into access and we use it in a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the pieces of plastic floating slowly through the sensor while the boat computer process this image and measure the size of each particle -- to get an approach from the amount of plastic in the water.
So we document this step-by-step invention in a website for inventors called "International," with the hope that someone else is even more even more.
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to solve it immediately.
"I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they get the Internet, and they stumbled with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning up a oil spill, just using hands, in Saudi, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they drink, is the water where you bathe in, the water where they fight, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown -- the mud and the oil are also brown color and when everything gets mixed up, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectroscopy, which allows you to look at what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can pull through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum spectrum, which can help identify what's in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
"I can investigate a problem at distance, I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half the French and maybe remember, in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they had several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima, a nuclear center near the water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has pollution traces for CEOs.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fuko radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has a safe aspect of it, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukother every year from the accident and researching independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to bring kids out.
Of course, we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported the control center, here you see the use of different masks here.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they are going to have to live with regrets all their life.
Along with them we discussed the collected data that day and talked about what we were going to do next, the strategy, the strategy, etc.
And to do this, we created a reduction map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevator map, we introduced games to represent data in real time of radiation, and we collect water to simulate rain.
We were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the stealing system and developed in the ocean.
It was an approach estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to the nuclear center to date.
We zoom up to 1.5 miles away from nuclear center, and with the help of fish of the area we were collecting marine milk sediments with a shortage of sediment as we invented and build.
Here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage that we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of physicist, basically, you can build almost all of all of it.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can become reality with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: Accelerator: Acceleration."
Will Harry Cancer? We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help the mobility of the advanced age providing their standard wheels into new electric vehicles?
Plastic, oil and regulation are terrible, terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are lies.
We can't afford to protect kids from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators -- creations, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin cells, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk footprint.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic.
One is imposing about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Miguel said that when he looked at the museum in Brazil, he saw a figure I struggled to be free.
The cinema was only too much of Mike Angele.
But living beings are not conclusive.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we took all the information to the whole cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by managers of manufacturing and production.
The mountain lines have declined a world made from parts -- by engaging the imagination of designers and architects trained to think about their objects as a sharing parts of distributed parts with different functions.
But you don't find motor materials in nature.
Think about the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with distant pores of distances.
The backs of the back are more thick with small pores with small people.
You act primarily as a filter, the other mostly as bar, and yet, it's the same skin, no parts, no scales.
It's a system that vary gradually its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work right now between the cinema and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and senses, is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, at its simplest level, tries to join these two visions of the world, leaving the assembly and closer to growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't this possible about 10 or even five years?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment where four disciplines that offer access to access to tools we have never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scale, of large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 meters of diameter with a video of the dance that is a video of the very far day to print entire buildings, and graphs to nanoscale manipulations made genetically engineered microbial buildings.
Here we have reinvent the cell, a archetype from the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each of the articles is unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a false. This was for a paradise description from Paris with Iran van Herby. It's like a second skin made from one piece -- registered in the containers, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and happy 3D without the costs between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microscopes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C.
That designers have access to this high resolution and synthetic instruments, allow to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues as well.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the structure of structure, comfortable and also it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator -- we went back to nature to inspire you, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes substantial.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in review, opportunity and color, correspond to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, varies its functionality not through the addition of another material or another assembly but variating continuously and definitely material property.
But is it ideal nature here?
No parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was a young man, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came up with me and he got to define a lot of what matters me.
Like she related, "In the third day of creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit loaded with fruit charged."
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between train, branches and leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land did grow trees with branches and cortex, tables and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often wonder, "What would the design would be if the objects were made from one piece of piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit fruit, and we found it.
The second big Bible on the planet is called suit, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, cross and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies, cards.
We think that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multi-month-level structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal market.  We asked a lot of shrimp scars, we put them down and we put away from the fast stop.
So by leveraging chemical concentration, we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to the light, soft and transparent.
In order to print the structures on the scale, it was built a system with multiple extra extra power boards controlled regulated.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material three meters long, 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural way to contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic.
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain physical microbes that appeared for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we increased the bacteria genetically designed to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without a balloon problem, and if you blow it even further, you windows.
A fruit loaded from fruit fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp scars in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part, for biomaterials designed to beat biogas, put in the sea, feed marine life and placed on the ground, will help rise a tree.
The adage for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the life for the international travel.
To do that, we need to dominate the bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic table, we made our own table of elements -- new forms of life created computing and additive form and biologically augmented ways.
I like to think of synthetic biology as liquid alcohol, only instead of translating precious metals -- they synthesize new biological officials within very small channels.
This field is called microphone.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combine two microbes.
The first is science.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater stores.
And the second one, E. collect, the bacteria that lies in the human intestine.
One converts light in sugar, the other consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution by design.
To keep these relationships, we have created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help them flow these bacteria and they alter their way on the way.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, valuing the properties of material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This portable digestive system, when you fall from one end to another, cost 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field and 10 times more than our thin intensity.
And here it is, as a prime at TED, our first portable photographer, bad liquid channels with life within the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Sleer said, "We are standing cases, only half is done."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase life live?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, they would repair the damaged tissue and hold our bodies up?
Think of this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
And so you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do it.
It grows up. It adds with sophistication.
This color of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which you get metabolic.
Additional manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it through the combination of not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations ...
One act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, putting those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first gets in the environment, it creates a tension structure, and then it starts to hit a body of compression.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet into the head of a silk worm to the hill.
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm copy.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat park, not within a box, we realized that he would sing a flat copy and still metabolic sad.
So we started designing different environments -- different scaffolding -- and we've discovered that the shape, the composition of the cocoon -- is transmitted directly by the environment.
They're often sick to silk worms to death within their copies, their silk goes down and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants we could shape the raw silk without a single copy.
They would be more so safe, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a hydrogen robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated into darker and dark areas so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or abundances, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the organs.
We asked 650 silk worms to a online silk farm.
And after you feed them four weeks, they were prepared to fight with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and as they say, they were spreading, they were spreading, they spend eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
By the high biological silk of the distributed silk silk, they give all this pavilion its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 6,000 silk worms are 65 miles tall.
In a curious symmetry -- this is also the length of the silk route.
The polio ones, after the economics, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional paper panels in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk ice through a robotic arm, the other empty filter.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to join these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which brings us from a design inspired in nature to a natural nature inspired by design, which demands from us, for the first time, we make nature burden of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be?
If you had to remember what age they had when they first asked them about this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who never could answer the question, "What do you want to be more of a big?
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked the English, the killing and the art and I developed websites, and I played the guitar in a palm band called Telescope Frustration.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to test and persist anyway, because we've spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of abstraction, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I get interested by another thing, which is totally different, and I got into it, and I get to absorb and I feel like, "Yes." I've found the mine," and then again this point where I start to behave.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to focus on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all of my other passions and refuse to be boring.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong with this, and something wrong with me not to define anything.
I was worried about getting fear to engagement, or being dispersed, or to stand or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have asked for then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it. They learned it from culture.
So we asked ourselves first "What do you want to be?
We have about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares what you say to that age.
It was considered an naive question to provide nice answers in children like, "Be anthropological or "being dancer, or "I want to be a piece of a side."
They show Haiti discussion here.
So this question is done over and over again as we grow in different ways, port, foot, to high school students who are going to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be more?
It goes from being the cute exercise of before we take away the dream.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, it didn't inspire me to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though they were very well-intentioned and say, "Oh, what a nice thing, but you can't be a virtual and a psychologist, but you can't be artists.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Children -- and he's a vibration of violence and psychotherapy.
And this Amy Now, an editor of magazine converted in illustration, entrepreneur and teacher and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life is very idealistic in our culture.
It's this idea of fate, or the real vocal, the idea that every one of us has something to be dependent on for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that are losing your curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multiplexing.
A crowd is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
This is a door for that.
I could help if you divide in three parts: multiple people, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a board, receive.
During the time of Renaissance -- the ideal was who was well in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Steve refers to us as a scanning."
They use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems to me as a species to adapt to a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to look at multi-month as limitation or authority that you should be sending.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas in my website, is that there are huge strengths in this way.
Here are three multi-million multiple multiplexity.
One: the synthesis of ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
Shanghai Hung and Rachel Bina expressed their shared interests in cartoon, data visualization and travel, mathematics and design, by founding Mess.
Moses is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
And Sahara and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in the intersections.
There are new ideas.
And the multiplexing ones, with all their ancestors, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second multinational superpower is rapid learning.
When the crowds are interested by something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are bound to be primarism, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort zones.
Many skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we have learned to every new area that we have, so we rarely start zero.
Norman Donage is a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a pianist girl, perfectly an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest metal known.
Before I became writing, Norway was financial planning.
He had to learn the most fine sales mechanics when he started their practice, and this ability helps to write compelling links for the editors of education.
It rarely is a loss of time to get to what you get to you, even if the end would abandon it.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multicultural superpower is adaptation. It's the ability to transform at whatever thing you need in a given situation.
Open Capito is sometimes director of videos, other website designers -- sometimes consultant Kickstarter, sometimes teacher in Kickstarter, and sometimes, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does good work.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles depending on the needs of their clients.
The Forest magazine defined adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that are the individuals and organizations that can afford to satisfy the needs of the market, the ones that really will thrive.
Insignations of ideas, rapid learning and adaptability -- three skills where the crowds are very literally, and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in engaging the multiple people to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multiple right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made from a specialist and a multi-million marketing.
Specialist can dive deep and put in practical ideas, and the crowd offers an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that will embrace the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, the crowds largely are encouraged to be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing you take away from this talk, I hope it is this: recognized with the internal wire, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then special for all the media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the crowds in the room, including those who just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,   I say, recognized with your many passions ...
Keep your curiosity for those community markets.
They explore the intersections.
And embracing our internal wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multiplexing, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1994, a woman named Susie took it to a psychiatric in France.
He was supporting and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alans.
Alas didn't know how to help Sudan, but I was climbing for her until that, unfortunately, passed in 1965.
After his death, Alas did a subtle and found strange plates and oxylengies in the Buddha brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If I was supposed to have been alive today, we couldn't give her more aid than Alan gave him 14 years ago.
Alans was Dr. Alice Alexander.
And Sudan Detroit, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimers disease.
Since 1902, medicine has advanced a lot.
You have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from the infections, many treatments for cancer, antiretroviral treatments for HIV, stations for cardiologists and much more.
But a little bit of progress has been made in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's a decade ago.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million people, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live until the age of 85 or more, the possibility of Alexander will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping care of a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's disease.
In the U.S. alone, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and its costs put a five times in the year 2050, as they aging the generation of the baby boom.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that can't prevent or cure or even slow their development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should be, the Alzheimer's a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14 years, all of all, scientists, confused Alzheimer's disease.
We think it's going to be responsive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to an Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to deploying a severe loss of mental memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's really reduces life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strange eyes in the body of Sudan a century.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like a origami.
There are places on the role that are particularly.
And when it folds good, these sticky dots end up in the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules put into each other, forming groups that can form big plates and oxygen.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are lots of steps, and the identification of what step block is complex, like devoting a bomb.
Currently a cable could do anything.
Currently cut, can make the bomb blow up.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the wires and waited for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, generations, chemistry, engineers and mathematics and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our latest results.
No one out of our lab has seen it yet.
So let's see some videos of what happened by testing these drugs in worms in worms of it.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that are stuck between each other, as in humans with Alzheimer's humanity.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in a early stage, then we see they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's a disease we can understand and cure.
After 11 years of hope, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, the Alzheimer's window, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to be aware that Alzheimer's a disease is a disease and that if we try it, we can get it.
In the case of other diseases, the patients and their families have increased more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators and legislation.
That was essential to move on HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too scared to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Sudan, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times column, in January of this year.
To fall in love with someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience when I try to test it a night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are used to make 36 more and more personal questions and then both look at the eyes without speaking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12. If you could wake tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And right?
As they move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30, I really like -- Tell your partner what you get from him or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled up with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love it.
However, we fell in love with it, and I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the column love More Modern a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's an aggressive, so I guess some of you probably ask yourselves -- follow together?
And the reason I think they question this is because they've been asking me this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, he was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been used to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can get to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would probably reach a few thousand views.
And that made a good attention burden in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published online, a Friday at night, and already Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And the Sunday, I had already called me the Albuis Stone and the Google Mororeth America.
In one month, the article received more than eight million views, and I was just saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with expertise about your own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they were always asking the same question: "Do you still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on my email with the phrase, "Do you still follow together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and they asked it.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman yelled to the stage, "Hey Mandela where your boyfriend is?
And I immediately put red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I was not prepared for the advertising of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have come alive.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both made a public emergence together.
He was recorded by television interviews, and recorded the pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid of becoming the unintended icon of the business process -- a range that I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know whether it really works, or whether it was able to produce perfect love, not just an adventure, but love, perfect love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if we followed together or not, and you would also say it?
If the answer was not, do you do the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of researchers was not producing romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for an interesting approach between college students, using what Aron called sustainable personal openness, programming and recovery.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closer after doing it. Several percent studies were also used by the Aristotle American protocol as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between police members and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, that combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- was quoted in this article -- but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small university of liberal art, and then a student came to me and told me with similarity: I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed for it.
And I said, "Do you love to say that you love the person who did it?
Well, he made a break.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
I said, "But did you become better friends.
Do you feel that they were able to know better after testing the study?
The attack.
So, works?
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think this is the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled up with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was running a really difficult separation.
I had that relationship since I had 20, which I was supposed to put my whole adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I flew in science.
I was researching everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that to be able to make the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just researched for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious in response.
I thought that if I came up with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad and used to feel like I felt then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see myself more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than they can reasonably demand me.
What I look for from love is a train, not just to be love today and to be an ambulance tomorrow, but that will continue to be loved.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know whether they were still together.
The story that media said about the 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in.
There can be a way to somehow mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because it makes us feel amazing, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask, still follow together?
And his content with an answer from yes or not.
So more than a question, would you propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who you deserve your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things get completely complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distributed?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably delivers a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the brief version of the story of my relationship, it is this: a year ago, a known and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love ourselves, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same as staying in love.
So love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, love didn't happen.
We are standing in love because we took the choice to be.
And I have a little bit of fun when I read it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I had not considered everything that was holding that choice.
I don't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how much times I will keep doing that choice without knowing before he always chose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, having chosen to love somebody so generous and momentum and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest daily newspaper in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really think about.
And what I look for, and what maybe I'm going to spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy ending in the title of my article -- which is, by the way, the only part of the article I actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone and hope that he will also love me, and it's frightening, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a lot of metals on the mountain and in some way I got a grandmother of the forest.
It was a time ago.  Something that really affected me, but something that really affected me, but more detail later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box and I bury a dollar bill and a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the spirits.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has grace. Because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At one point I was in Hawaii, I like to go from exchange and submit and all those weird things, and I was making a collar for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I grabbed all the pages and I made a kind of cardious phones to the Agnes Agent Martin, the restaurant covered and a bee was catching.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resonance in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: In some way it seemed to be increased, as if you would look at the text with a magnifying light.
So I did more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I would find on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to you and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow together, draw the same thing that you do around a garden in the crime scene.
And I took the objects and created my own template of species invented.
First, bothers that you can make an idea.
Then I made some insects and strange creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the rescue layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to take my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Spiritual.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with human beings in the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the spring was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed three-dimensional composition.
And this really works, and I could stop using the spring.
So I did this for years, and my work is clean with something very big, which I call the traditional.
For the transition," I was largely inspired in "The Garden of Disciplical Boomers Department, which is a painting in the Museum of the Prahary in Spain.
You know this?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the traditional trial." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five meters long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of compassion.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of the blood.
On the left, there is Jesus and landscapes.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analog mesh infrastructure where they hide up.
This is where the creatures with animal heads are headed to the face, ready to suicide in mass running in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god.
Billy Graham is in the sea. The horizon -- the oil platform of the degrees. Warren: The Russian bin Laden's shelter -- there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of a modernity.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes out of the hand.
Their hands are like balloons, and it looks like a microbes that keeps Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium.
So it's a speed of the traditional.
It's a little narrative.
That's the hand that I spit in.
And then when you go on the other side, you have a transport, like a piece of bird, and you spit out clouds from this transport.
It also has a tail of 5.5 feet long.
Anyway, his tail learns fire when you put on a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a hidden cocktail balloon made of 1986 terrorist cards.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were the baseball cards of terrorism.
It's very scary to your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called "Prostances."
This is a six years project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each is a archive of our culture, through media and materials are ecclicities, dictionaries or magazines.
But each act acts as a kind of file in ways of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at the time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each is basically a microscope post that weighs 1,000 pounds with a human trapped in its inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can get the input in.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body -- there's a waterfall coming out of the chest, and it covers the penis or nothing, or whatever it has -- a kind of Indian thing.
It's a quick round of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers -- you can see.
This is a body party in half.
This has two heads and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and go into the head of this strange statue there.
There is a little forest scene inside the taxi cavity there.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pingeria Words.
Within this box there is a physicist -- a neuroscientist, a participant, a musician, a music, a writing, a radio emission -- a museum, a school arm, an editorial arm that spread all the content we make in the world, and a garden.
We send the box and all the people in the inside with each other as particles.
And I think that's how to change the world.
When you redefine who and the box is living in.
And together we come to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from the borders, of religion, it doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with sweetness and usually we're going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them your head?
They take an apple.
But so that this pill has an effect on pain, first passes by the stomach, the bowels and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and engaging system for any safe drug effect on the body.
The disappear, though, is that when you bring it up any drug that's distributed.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the Copenhagen cell.
But they're also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they get to the blood stream, they fold away, and worse even for the time they take their destiny, which is where it's more important, in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like the lymph globals, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is incompacting and doesn't easily enter the blood stream of the patients that are subjected to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment of additional life administered.
One day, I sat down, and I thought, "Could we make the treatment directly to the virus deposit without the risk of distribution of drugs?
As a scientific expert in lasers the answer was in front of me, the lasers, of course.
If you use the elite, for the care of wounds and surgery surgery, they can be used for anything, including the extracellular transportation of medicine.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, open and close almost immediately the infected cells with HIV to introduce drugs.
At best, you wonder, "How is that possible?
We send a little and powerful beam on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microbes.
Before you even realize the hole is immediately replaced.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a device of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser -- we're going to make an inspiration in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, goes to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an inventor that distributes the drug -- releases it directly in the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
Over the last decade, I've studied the non-state groups -- armed organizations like terrorists, insurgency or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting out.
My goal is to understand these agents of violence and study ways to encourage violent participation to nonviolent confusion.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a discussion between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and actors.
For example, of the 26 peace arrangements signed between 1975 and 2011, 1969 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups -- we even need to engage them or put them in any process of successful conflict.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and policies are not related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less telling them, without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, Health Leonardo known for his violent forest against Israel.
From his creation in the 1980s, Health has also established a political game, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hamasaa, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also runs the Gaza Frank from 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting out.
They're multiplied.
They have a complex machinery of communication -- radio stations, TV channels -- Internet website and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the ISA magazine, printed in English and published to recreate.
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of funds without savings, but by really profitable businesses, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds to recruit better and build their brand.
Armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals -- they put professional training programs or microscopes in microscope.
Health offers all these services and more.
The armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state won't give -- security and protection.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan destroyed by war or even the beginning of the asset of ISA, can also understand the efforts of these groups to deliver security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 the Palestinian Hamas cannot be understood without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hurrical.
They grow because they fill down gaps by government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and they give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations, the less we can categorize them as a state of a state.
How do we call a group like Helius?
They dominate a part of a territory, they manage all their functions, they collect the trash, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a redesign group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is Israel?
The lines are driving.
We live in a world of states, of no state and hardware, and the more weak the states, as in the Middle East today, more intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and consume peace.
If we better understand armed groups, we will understand better what incentives offer to foster violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and actors, military power can win some battle, but we won't give peace or stability.
To achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum, to fill that government vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist woman.
My opinions about gender equality are verbs, but I fear that I would openly accept the feminist tag to be unfair for the feminists.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I get stuck as a bad feminist of it.
Or at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Feminist," and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Maltese Feminist.
So what it started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate protection, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step behind.
When I was a young man, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about feminists, these furry women, angry with men and hated sex -- as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was a access, a taboo and deep word.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which is too much about high self-worth.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud of it.
For me, certain claims are integrated." Women are equal to men.
We deserve the same floor for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence or violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible antibiotics and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without legislative control or financial doctors.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other identity.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality and social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminist is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist of it.
I have another conference.
When I drive to work, I hear the map of rapid music to all volume.
Although the letter degraded women and made me deeply offended the classic San Shakespeare of the Hings Bay Told Twitters is incredible.
"Make it reality with your looking shot.
Stop. Does it move until it hurts your container?
Think about it.
Pure poetry, right?
I'm completely mergeable by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks, but also killing insects, the cards of garbage and the care of the spider and the management of manufacturing.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and the nice things.
I can see "The Back and the romantic comedy. And I have abstract fantasies of the fairy tales that are made.
Some of my floors are more discovered.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's your choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is constructed so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to.
We solve this problem.
Recognition the conventional feminist that has ignored or disappeared historically the needs of the color women, the workers and gay and transgendered women, in favor of white women, heterosexual class and middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminist I'm a very bad feminist of it.
The next thing happens -- as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put features in a left.
We hope that they go to perfection.
When we get depressed, we would take it up with a lot of taste from the same pediatrician where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I already consider myself from that pediatrician before they try to put me there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be labeled as feminists.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist for fear of what that tag means for fear not to be able to do with the little expectations.
Take Beethoven, or as I call it, the Dog.
It's a declared feminist in the last few years.
In the video Music Adams of 2014, at MIT, I act in front of the word "Femina word "five-controlled."
It was a magnificent show, to see this pop star about embracing the feminist and to know women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
I spent time, cultural critics started the international debates if Beethoven was or not precisely feminist.
They raised their feminist instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much very much.
We go far beyond the critical and constructive critic to design the feminist of any woman, destroy it until there's nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist -- or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our imperfects to take stories, go to action and be a little bit more valuable.
If I hear degraded music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we choose the change effectively affecting their profits.
It certainly is hard.
Why has his music that will be so particular?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justice, it makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think about my openings, three and four years old.
These are two wonderful girls -- decided and brilliant, and also very courageous -- I want you to grow in a world.
Where you tell them about the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, suddenly the best option is seen as a much easier thing to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program tries to treat sexual violence against women as a sport, the Game of Trees.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema on another part when movies are not treating women more than a decorative object.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers as boy cars.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to participate in your project, or work with you, until you don't include enough women, so much to participate how to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are undertaken but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making sites.
Because we are not very much longer -- without these efforts, without adopting these positions.
We can make these little values of bravery and expect our decisions to get to the top, people in the power of directors and movie producers and music, CEOs, the legislators who can make great decisions, more brave to create a lasting and significant change.
We can also choose our feminist value, well, bad, or any name.
The last line of my book "Marine Feminist," says, "I would prefer to be a bad feminist not to be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, above all, because I was attracted to my voice and the feminist helped me to record it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to address what happened.
A few kids would hurt me when I was too young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if it was anything.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
They stole my voice, and then I didn't dare believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And with it I went back to write.
I get back in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism -- I also discovered that if I was a little brave -- another woman could hear me and see that none of us is the one that the world is trying to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we could all do the same thing.
I hope we could all be a little brave when you need a little bit more valuable.
Right after Christmas last year, 133 children in California had a measles for having visited Denire or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Tellow.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century ago, but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly even worse, autism.
But a moment was not the article that was unleashed about autism and discovered vaccines, declared and marked by being a French debate by the British Medical Journal Journal?
Doesn't believe most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a stupid?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rise estimates of autism over time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I heard about it creating their whole professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed stable only three or four children for every 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers began to shoot out.
We have fundraising organizations like autism Spanish as autism replaced routinely to autism as an epidemic -- as if I could tell you from another child in Denima.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people in the U.S. Disease Center of Atlanta, what's going on, tend to be based on phrases like "spread diagnostic crisis, and a better care detection to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't divide the fears of a young mother who is looking for in the face of their two years, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s."
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow and charged progress of science that with the education power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be happy, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kannyn, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital -- in 1943, Kannyn published an article that described 11 young patients who seemed to have private worlds, none to the people around them, even to their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by holding their hands into their faces, but they were prey from the panic for often as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanan speculated that autism is very rare.
By the time of 1950, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome, while collecting reference of as distant places as South Africa.
This is actually not stranger, because the Canadian criteria for autism diagnosis were very restricted.
For example, I would have to give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epilepsy, it's very common in autism.
And once he was glad that he had turned to nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to her council for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kangaloath was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not accurate.
I classify autism as a form of child psychiatrists caused by cold parents and friendly.
These kids, he said, have been cared carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kangaroat noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that clustered in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before I turned the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite record, he said, "Let's be Men.
But Kannyn had a bad opinion of these skills, holding things like that kids were just recording what they had heard their parents and desperate to earn their approval parents.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
And amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers began to test innovation theory that autism was weird.
London Winki, Congress psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the New Kangaloves beer was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affordable people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie.
London and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susie without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, London and their colleague, Judith Gold decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They planted a substance from London called Carris to try and find the autistic kids in the community.
What you saw left that the Kannyn model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and fun.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, while others were frustrated in their fascination for the astronomy, in dinosaurs or the generosity of reality.
In other ways, these kids didn't fit up in nice and assistant squares as Judget, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Kannyn monolithic model would have predicted predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one had been perceived from these kids before?
But then London found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to Kansa paper, and then he forgot it, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kangalo knew about this article of competition, but I avoided tragically to mention it in his own work.
There was not even a translation to the English, but luckily, the Lord husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Apple, who runs a clinic integrated with an integrated school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Apple for the teaching of children with learning differences were programmers even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music classes with music, and children follow their games for the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Apple described it as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and space adapted during the course of life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Apple called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help in developing methods of education that were especially suited for them.
And fundamentally, Apple saw autism as a diverse continuum that came into an amazing variety of donations and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in archives known in the pop culture like the awkward social scientist and the destined teacher.
He was beyond even saying that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
The Lord and Jubain found that Kannyn was wrong in which autism was infected, as well as the parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American American Association to expand the critics of the diagnosis to reflect the diversity of what they called autistic spectrum."
By the end of the '80s and the early '90s, their changes entered the limitation of Kanaham by one wide and including Apple model.
These changes didn't fall in a broken cost.
Computer, when Lord and Jubuin worked between the tasks to reform these criteria. People around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I went out "Rain Man in 1988, just a little circle, I was commissioned by experts knew what autism was, but after the inevitable performance of Justine Hopking like Ragal Babbage and "The Man March Recent with four awards of the Academy of Academy, journalists and psychologists, teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical evidence was introduced to diagnose autism.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little experiment of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "The Man Man Changes changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism.
The number of diagnosis started to take up, just like London and Jubuin, in fact they hoped that it was, making people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that were killed.
So Andrew Watson came to blame the vaccine for the increase in the diagnosis -- a simple, powerful, and seductive history of creative history that the autism was infected.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum -- it's right, the autistic are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving the new medical advances -- the term neuroscientists to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think in terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily different, obviously social, and it suffers from a deficit deficit to detail.
And yet, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Apple, which believed that the curve for the most isolated aspects of autism are in understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zosovo Zaparas once once said, "We need all the hands in cover to reduce the board of humanity.
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
